---
title: "Hand cream"
layout: post
date: '2018-12-09'
---

I played League of Legends for the first time today in probably 3 weeks, or maybe 4 weeks? I was talking to my friends and they remarked that over the summer I played with them a lot… and that’s when I remembered I probably slept at 2 am everyday consistently because of this.

So compared to before we started dating, I’m definitely living a lot healthier (even if my “early” is already pretty late for you, haha). 

When I visited for American thanksgiving, you remarked that my hands were really dry and helped me apply hand cream throughout the day… and because of that, I continued to do that until my hands weren’t “man hands” anymore after I came back to SF. It reminded me of when my ex used to also get annoyed at me when my hands were dry during the winter, and she did get me hand cream too… but when I forgot to apply it, she would just get mad at me for forgetting, and for some reason that made me want to apply hand cream willingly even less. 

But I died (not literally… almost) when you helped me apply it. I know it’s seems like such a small thing, but I guess the difference in attitude towards my dry hands was that you made it more clear that applying hand cream is taking care of myself. It’s not just so I can not have dry hands. And you cared enough about me to take care of me throughout the day. 

Looking back to the last three months, I really did start taking better care of myself. Definitely don’t want to be less than 100% for you.