---
title: "Christmas presents"
layout: post
date: '2018-12-25'
---

Your unfortunate nap where you woke up at 10 pm allowed us to open both our presents at the same time via FaceTime!

Let me just say that I’m pretty much over the moon with your present. I haven’t had a real big LEGO set probably in… ever. Always had small to medium sized sets. I’m also a terrible person to get presents for because I don’t even know what I want, and somehow you knew exactly what I wanted without me knowing that. And… the fact that you noticed for just half an hour that I was calm and happy… well, I wasn’t aware that I was calm and happy when building my LEGO, but you noticed it - how thoughtful of you to encourage me to always take care of myself. My life has probably improved tenfold since four months ago. 

I’m also really happy you like your gift. I really almost got a strap, but thought at the last minute that a metal bracelet would be more versatile. This really was a butt-clenching gift to give, because everything was more-or-less a wild guess… even if they were slightly educated wild guesses. For all the distance, I hope I can leave you reminders of me in your life in convenient (and also useful) places - all the effort we put in hopefully culminates in one day ending up together, happily ever after. 

This was the best Christmas Day I’ve had in a long time. Thank you for making me feel loved. If you didn’t get me anything and told me that you were my present, I would have wholeheartedly agreed.