---
title: "Seattle together (actually Oregon) 4"
layout: post
date: '2019-08-05'
---

This recap will be fun to write, I can feel it. 

I’m so glad that you have free days to take off from work, because it means that you can come see me earlier and spend more time with me! I picked you up on Thursday for the final time this summer, and it makes me a little sad that we won’t be able to sleep together for a while. I was super excited though, because I knew we were up for a really packed weekend going to places I’ve never been before. 

We didn’t do much except go to bed on Thursday, because I did have work the next day. I made it to work on time... just barely... but I wonder if we’ll get to work on time for the first few months when we move in together. It was so hard to just leave you, because honestly, would I ever choose work over you? Probably not, unless we were about to become homeless or something. Feeling your warmth right next to me is the most comfortable feeling in the world, so why would I want to leave for something less warm and less comfortable?

I came back for you at lunch, and we spent the day at the office doing our own thing. You also met some of my coworkers that I've beamed about you to for almost the whole summer. We also had a coffee break, where I was finally able to make a nice heart for you. I think I got a lot more done than I would have otherwise by myself, so thanks for that. 

After work, we went out for ice cream and a walk before packing for Portland. All the things we plan on timing wise are never exact, because we always find something to do that distract us. It doesn't really matter to me, because time with you is good time regardless of how we're spending it, but we did agree that we should time manage better to make it easier on ourselves, because especially for today, I had to make that long drive to Portland late at night. 

The drive actually wasn't too bad, but for the first half I was definitely getting tired. Thank god you were beside me the whole time, because I'm not sure how I would have made that entire trip by myself. It was actually pretty entertaining, because for almost the entire trip I followed one FedEx truck, up until he had to go to a weighing station. I don't think I've ever been in a car for that long with you before, but I'm glad to know that we could get through the entire thing without killing each other.

Eventually we made it to our Airbnb, which we rented for about $72. It was actually really nice, and you were convinced we were going to get murdered due to the price. I'm here writing this now, so I guess we didn't get murdered.

The next morning we struggled a little to get out of bed, as usual. We eventually made it to McDonald's for breakfast, before departing on our two and a half hour drive to Cannon Beach. After much waiting in the line to get to Crescent Beach, we finally made it to somewhere with views, and decided there that we should hike down to Crescent Beach.

The hike wasn't bad at all, but I think it was bad enough to prevent people from wanting to go see Crescent Beach. What a shame though, because they missed out on so many good photo opportunities as well as cleanliness. The sand was so clean that when we walked on it, we could hear it squeak. We spent an awful lot of time there just taking pictures, and enjoying the almost empty beach, but eventually, we had to hike back after we ran out of poses for our photos together. It was such a good idea to bring a camera, by the way, because the extra quality really adds to the extraness of the photos when we eventually put them up on Instagram.

We did go to actual Cannon Beach some time later, but it was so crowded. Walking farther helped though, and there were some really nice photos that I took of you (and that you took of me) in front of that famous rock. I think I should at some point get a camera and actually learn how to take photos, because if we wanna look back on our memories later on, they should be nice pictures that we look at. Not saying that the photos we take now aren't nice, but there's definitely always room to do better. After all, our goal is to make people jealous, is it not?

With sunset approaching, we drove south along the Oregon Coast, and stopped at a few places to take pictures. We made the drive through Tillamook instead of going back the way we came, and now I really want to go back to Tillamook to eat cheese and other cheese-related food items. The drive was sorta scary, as it was a pitch black windy road, but somehow people passed us and drove away even faster. Thank god you were beside me, because it was honestly sort of stressful.

On Sunday morning, we woke up late, and went to Broder for square eggs brunch. It was such a long wait, and I honestly wondered if it was worth it, but as soon as we took a bite of our food, we decided that yes, this wait indeed was worth it. Eggs benedict and other brunch foods are so overdone, so it was nice to eat something different. The whole thing too was only $35 for the two of us, and no tax!! Well, I did tip a decent amount, but that's because it was so good. 

Ice cream was next, and honestly, I'd go back to that store to eat normal food too. It's a bit funny though, because after we ate the powder off of our ice cream, it just tasted like McDonald's soft serve.

The sad part of the day came when we couldn't get into the Adidas Employee Store, due to the offer for Microsoft expiring this month. I felt like a little kid because I knew it wasn't anything worth staying upset about, but thankfully you were understanding and helped me feel better by not getting annoyed at me for being sad. What would I do without you? I probably would have gotten over it much slower if you weren't there.

Same deal with my Xbox controller, but I did manage to get one today, so whatever. I'm not sad about that anymore.

We bought a book to start reading together, which I'm super excited about. It's actually an interesting-looking book too, and I haven't bene excited to read something in a long time. Will our future home have a huge room for books to read? I don't think I'd mind that actually, as it's probably better than having a room with a pool table and darts. I think that's what they call a man-cave. 

The last stop before dinner was the Outlet, and there was just nothing for me. There were things for you, though! I think you were able to see just how hard it is for me to buy clothes, but maybe I should also be more proactive about looking. I think it's a bit of both. In any case, if it wasn't for you, I probably still wouldn't really care about how I dress, so thank you for that. 

Dinner was pretty amazing, if not a bit heavy. I really really wanted to try everything on the menu, but finishing your food along with mine was enough. I think the most fun part about eating with you is when we both just know without saying anything to start posing the food for photos, because that's what we initially bonded over in the first place when we started going out. Being extra by myself is no fun, but being extra with you removes the part of me that cares about what other people think.

Thanks for keeping me company again on the drive home, by the way. It's crazy to think that a year ago we were both in a way less good place, and honestly, a year ago, I didn't think that I'd actually be able to experience what I'm feeling right now. I always thought that I'd eventually find someone and have to just be with them and tolerate them, but as it turns out, you actually be happy in a relationship! Where did you come from, and what did I do to deserve you?

This next part is probably what you were wondering if I would write about. I think I could, but I won't go into too many details. I will say that it's a little unbelievable that it happened, and I'm still so happy about it, and it's a real testament to how true the statement of "if it's meant to happen, it'll happen" can be. I can't stop thinking about it, and about how good it'll become in the future, as we slowly figure out what works with each other. It's really just the best way to end off your summer visits, with this amazing weekend trip that also included a bonus for us. 

I knew from day one that I really wanted us to work out, but I never expected that I would now be so willing to give you everything. I want to give you everything. I feel like making you happy is the best way to make myself happy too, and that's probably a pretty good system to have in place. With almost 11 months under our belt that really felt like no time at all, I feel like the rest of our life will just continue to feel like a dream.