---
layout: post
date: '2019-04-20'
---

There was some upsetting stuff that happened this morning. It worked itself out in about an hour or so, and somehow we were able to just bounce back from it. Almost magical. I guess in these situations, it’s sad, but at least we’re sad together. That makes me feel a bit better.

Today was our last full day in Montreal, so we decided to spend the time to go line up for poutine. La Banquise. It was… okay. Costco poutine is better. But we had to try it, and be able to say that it was not that great. We also went to that bagel place, and concluded that we didn’t really need that food.

Mostly walking around, taking pictures, and trying to find somewhere to sit in so we didn’t freeze to death.

We also decided to watch a movie together, so we went back at some point to grab my glasses because we had time. At this point, I’d worn my glasses maybe three times? But apparently, paired with a collared shirt and pullover sweatshirt, that made you weak. I feel like I’m definitely okay with wearing glasses every single time I see you from now on.

I did have a heartstopping moment after the movies where my wallet dropped in the theater. I did get it back. Whoo.

Dinner was Gyu Kaku, and it was my first time. It was such a quiet, clean, enjoyable experience and everyone was so nice to us. At this point was when I think Montreal was growing on me - I wasn’t sure if it was strictly just Montreal, or if because you had something to do with it, but I’m going to say it was a combination of both.

When I think of today, I don’t really think first about the wind, the coldness, the mediocre food, or really any of the stuff you’d consider mundane. What I think of first is how warm my heart felt, as if for the first time in 2019, someone finally paid the heating bill. It’s also astonishing how quickly time passed, which is both a blessing and a curse. Definitely more of a curse for today.

I love you so much. I love spending all my time with you. I’m perfectly happy waiting in line, judging food, watching a movie, walking in the windy coldness, as long as it’s with you. Today was not a fond memory strictly because of where we were, or what we did. Today was a fond memory, because it was with you.