---
layout: post
date: '2019-10-10'
title: 'Life'
---

It's been a while since I've written something, but I finally have some time to breathe today. I haven't abandoned this thing, don't worry - I promised I'd keep updating it, but I won't write just for the sake of writing.

It's been about 6 or 7 weeks since I've left and this has felt like the longest month and a half of my life. Life here at school just feels so underwhelming, and I think I said yes to too many things so now I can't do anything well and I just wanna take depression naps all day. Everything sorta sucks.

Well, not everything sucks. You are still the brightest spot of my life. Marking papers on the weekend isn't so bad when I have you on a screen right next to me. Of course, you can always say that it would be even better if we were sitting together in person doing our things, but for now I'll take all of you that I can get. 

The motivation for how to get through these next few months is knowing that you'll be there at the end of it all. The reward for everything is finally being able to start life with you properly, and it makes me so happy to think about everything that can happen. We're gonna have such a cute apartment, with a nice kitchen and espresso machine, and we're gonna be able to travel, eat together, go to Costco together, go for walks... if things are great now, I can't wait to feel how much greater it'll be later.

I miss you so much. I miss every single thing that I can't have right now, and that goes from the seemingly small stuff like being able to hold your hands, to the stuff that I didn't even know was so enjoyable before, like watching you get ready in the morning. I'm just counting down the days at this point, and I can't wait to resume the good life again.