---
layout: post
date: '2019-08-27'
---

I somehow convinced you to have hot pot with me on a summer day, during the middle of the day, and I don't think it was the fact that they had a discount from between 2-5 pm. 

I drove to Richmond Centre to park, but didn't realize you were at Soytalk first. Oops. Probably should have told you I was heading out before I headed out, but that's okay. If you didn't go to Soytalk, I wouldn't have been able to have that delicious soy milk ice cream. If I ever find myself back in Richmond, and specifically Parker Place, I'm going to go back and try one of those condensed soy milk things. 

The service at hot pot was something similar to 3 Quarters Full, but definitely a lot more rehearsed. Still, it reinforced in my mind how much I don't miss all-you-can-eat places. Definitely don't get good service, clean tables, or decent cuts of meat at those places.

My family came in and got seated at the booth right behind us, which gave me a bit of a shock, and looked like it put you in a bad mood. I'm sorry. When asked later, it turns out when my sister heard we were gonna come here, she really really really wanted to come too, so I'm going to put the blame on myself for mentioning it to them. 

Thankfully when the water boiled things also boiled over. Food in our belly probably helped to warm our souls a little bit, and it's once again the thing that brings us closer together, I actually really enjoy food with you that requires a waiting around and interaction, because I feel very at home and very comfortable sitting there with you and talking about whatever it is we talk about while we slowly eat delicious things. Fast food is great, but hot pot definitely feels a little classier. I'm also just a sucker for hot pot in general, so maybe my bias comes into play here. 

After hot pot, we sauntered over to the sunflower festival. Parking was super confusing, because how were they going to know we parked there when we took the ticket with us? I thought this would be a leisurely stroll, but it turns out the fields are far enough that we needed to ride on a wagon to get there. 

I didn't even know there were 90 varieties of sunflowers in the world, but here we were, among at least 15 of them. Despite how big the field was, I feel like we found most of the photo opportunities. I wish the sunflowers actually faced the sun though, because the sun was shining behind us in a lot of photos. Not actually a bad thing though, because I think we got all the photos we wanted to get, like the nice one on the truck and sign that the nice stranger took for us. 

By the time we left, I think the sun was starting to set. All we did was walk around and take pictures, but somehow that was 2 hours or so. Crazy. There was thankfully still corn on the way out. 

Next stop was my high school, and you got to see how tiny it is. Definitely not my favourite place in the world. 

To finish off our day, we headed to Steveston and got Timothy's frozen yogurt, and sat on a bench to watch the sunset. It was here where we gave each other our 1 year presents, and you gave me a little booklet about all the things you love about me!! I am beyond thrilled every time you give me something that you spent the time to make, because it's not something you can buy, making it priceless. It's so thoughtful, and so YOU, and I'd honestly be happy with anything you give me as long as it's not poisonous or poop. It's going to live somewhere accessible to me. so that I can read through it (along with your letters) during the times I miss you... which will be quite often in these coming months. I think the best feeling comes from having dreamt about being with you before we were actually together, and the reality is just so much better than what I imagined. Not saying I had low expectations, but just that I had no clue relationships could even be like this. I guess these movies and TV shows need to get their ideas from somewhere real.

Glad you liked my gift too, actually. It's always so nervewracking when I'm not sure if you'll like something, but I figured you would appreciate something not so blingy, and sort of interesting. I don't think we'll ever walk around decked out in Off-white or whatever it is that kids are into, but hopefully as our lives progress, we'll just have nicer, higher-quality things. 

The drive home took a bit longer, because we had to go through New West, but that's okay. More time spent with you. In some ways, it feels like every other time I drove you home, and I don't think it really hit me that this was the last time for a while until I turned onto your street. I don't know how the day flew by, but I really wanted more time. 

This was my absolute favourite summer, and that makes me happy because I know future summers will be just as good, if not better. Just a year ago I spent my days working until 7 pm, and spending weekends wandering around SF by myself, and fast-forward to now, I'm going with you, the girl of my dreams, to Cannon Beach, and feeling like my life has completely turned around. I've learned so much from you, and it's all only possible because you're patient and accepting of me for who I am (and who I try to be). 

I wish time would fast forward, and I wish life didn't have so many obstacles, but at the same time, it feels so rewarding to get through everything with you. I think we could have imploded in the first few months, but instead, we took the path where we became so much closer and stronger by being with each other through the most uncertain, unstable part of our lives. There's no one else I'd want to take this journey with except for you.

I'm going to miss you a lot. I'm going to tell you that a lot. I think we'll be fine, and that's a much more confident answer than I had a year ago, so I know things will be okay. Don't forget to write! Love you always. 