---
title: "Your dog hates me"
layout: post
date: '2019-05-22'
---

I was late today... sorry... I tried to do too many things before leaving home, and I also failed to account for the fact that traffic is a nightmare going anywhere after 4:00 pm.

Actually, being late was a problem for me in my younger years, and I've tried very very hard to fix that... so nowadays when I'm late it bothers me to no end. It still bothers me today that I'm late, actually, and by the time you read this, I'll probably still be bothered.

Lateness aside, I got to finally spend time with Laifu today. He sat on my shoe and there was... something that ended up coming off his bum. I didn't want to smell it (or taste it). As it turns out, dogs DO get jealous of significant others, as he kept trying to get in between us while we were walking, or sitting... things that he apparently never did with your other friends. Please tell him that he still very much is loved by you and I'm not here to take you away from him.

It was pretty picturesque today, actually, because it wasn't like we were really *doing* anything. We were just walking around a park, with a dog, enjoying each other's company... and I felt perfectly happy and content. Doing new things and going to new places with you is fun and exciting, but it's a nice balance to be able to do the less strenuous things with you as well. I know I say this a lot, but spending time with you never gets old. I never feel like I want to go home or take you home when I'm with you, and life always feels so empty when you're not around. 

I'm sure at some point we'll be doing our own thing, but in the company of each other, and that's actually really nice too. I think it means we don't necessarily have to do things for the sake of doing things just so we can validate our feelings towards each other. No wonder I've been so happy lately. I can finally be me, thanks to you.