---
title: 'Happy birthday!'
layout: post
date: '2019-09-26'
---

Happy birthday! What a special day. I think it's always worth celebrating, which is funny because I don't put too much importance on my own birthday... 

I know you said before that you stopped being excited for your birthday as of two years ago, so I won't force you to be excited. I still feel like it should be a happy day though, because there should be things in life that we look forward to from time-to-time. It's an excuse for me to go look for things to get you, or think of what to make you, or even better, buy pencil crayons from Michael's. I'm also so happy that I get the privilege of being able to get you gifts!! I'm glad that whoever came up with the concept of birthdays made giving gifts part of the ritual.

You're worth celebrating every single day, and if I could, I would go broke by buying you a corgi stuffy everyday. Even then, I don't think that can match up to all the happiness you've brought to me since a year ago. Things in life will come and go and sometimes change, so the thing that matters to me most is knowing that I can make you happy and that you love me. Please squeeze the corgi as much as possible, and hopefully I can feel that in some way here.

I wish I could be there today to treat you to a birthday meal, so hopefully next year that can become a reality! And there will be many more birthdays after that, one per year in fact, so I'm excited for all the celebration that will happen in the future too.

I hope you have a great day today!! I love you so much, happy birthday!! 