---
title: "Settling in"
layout: post
date: '2019-06-18'
---

It's been really busy lately with starting a new job and trying to make friends (which mostly involves getting together in a huge group, and yelling over the entire table to have conversation with someone on the other side). The days go by so fast, either because I spend a good hour or two at the driving game after work, or because I spend a good hour or two at the gym, or because cooking just takes a long time... it seems like time is so hard to come by nowadays.

In the people I've met, some of them do include females. None of them can compare to you, and I'm not writing that just because you're going to be reading this. You've just set the bar so high for everyone else, that there's absolutely no thought of "wow, this person is amazing too". None. They're all normal people, and while they're all nice people, I would get tired after spending a whole day with them. The majority of them don't seem to have themselves figured out, in the sense that there's wildness but they don't seem to believe fully that they're wild people. Maybe it has to do with moving away, maybe it has to do with wanting to fit in, but there's just something unnatural about it all. I know you're probably also unsure about yourself at times too, but from day 1 of meeting you I've felt that you're just very grounded,  and that what I saw was what I got. No digging, no looking past exterior things, no trying to figure out what you really like to do... it was all there. Meeting all these people has also made me realize just how hard it is to really "click" with anyone, so the fact that we're where we are is nothing short of a miracle. I would actually be the dumbest guy alive to let you go.

I'm glad I have you every single day, that when I feel drained from day-to-day stuff, I can always recharge from you. I love you for exactly who you are, and literally nobody can replace you. 