---
title: "1 star review for Sean"
layout: post
date: '2019-04-07'
---

Happy 7 months! This time on a Sunday, so it was nice to be able to say it to you, and spend the day with you on video call. Another day that went by so fast, despite starting in the morning. I guess time really does just go at 2x speed with you.

Today’s main feature was you reading to me your diary entries chronicling your stint with Sean. It started from you asking me how I split food and paying for things with my ex, and you weren’t sure if you ever went with him to eat together. 

The entire year sounded like you weren’t ever happy for longer than twelve hours at a time, and that the relationship was something you questioned from day one. It made me feel very sad that you had to go through that, where you really did try and try, but still never received the same feelings back that you desired. All you wanted was love and affection, but you ended up thinking about if that relationship was just “normal”, and what people settle for. I hope I can convince you that that’s not the case. Truthfully, I probably thought the same too, but I’m desperately trying to prevent that kind of situation from ever happening. This is too amazing to give up.

Hearing it made me a little happy that you definitely weren’t exaggerating the “trash” part. I also feel very lucky that you don’t seem to feel the way now that you did in your diary entries, so it means I’m probably doing an okay job. I can say a bunch of things now that make me sound all high and mighty, but I think I’ll just leave it at the fact that I think you’re wonderful, and deserve only the best things in life. You fight for us always, so I’ll do my best not to let you down, ever.

Maybe it was all necessary for us to learn about what we couldn’t ever accept in someone else. Maybe it made us appreciate everything that’s happening now. Maybe it was good to learn all those things at a time when mistakes could be made, and now there’s the rest of our lives to reap all the newfound benefits of having each other. Whatever the case, I’m glad you’re with me, in spite of my can’t-talk-on-phone-ing, getting gas-ing, squatting, watch-collecting, Formula 1 watching, bad joke making self. I’ll never take you for granted, because I know you’re a once-in-a-lifetime kind of girl, and I’d be the dumbest man alive to let you go.