---
title: 'Happy 1 year!'
layout: post
date: '2019-09-07'
---

As it turns out, I set a yearly calendar reminder with the name "When Lucy said yes" last year on the 7th, so I guess it's the 7th. I don't think I would've forgotten the date though, because I've been looking forward to this for so long, just counting down the months.

You said I was brave to ask you out a year ago, but to be honest, I was so scared. I was scared of losing you if you said no, but I didn't want to live the rest of my life thinking about the what-ifs if I didn't ask you. I don't think I thought about how I would actually do a long-distance relationship, and it really was a lot of learning while doing, but you've been incredibly patient with me as I figure out how to be a boyfriend from a distance. 

I don't know what I expected, but everything this year has been wonderful beyond what I could have ever imagined. It's like my life finally got its much needed splash of colour, all thanks to you!

We've done a lot in our first year. 

We went to:

- Las Vegas
- Montreal
- San Francisco
- Seattle
- Cannon Beach
- Portland

We ate or drank at **81** places, and **5** different McDonald's.

We hiked **5** different trails, 2 in Canada, 3 in the USA.

We've spent **18** nights in the same bed.

For the things I can't count, we've spent countless hours on Facetime/Skype/Messenger calls, sent too many memes to count, and probably sent 50x the amount of messages to each other compared to before this year.

Most importantly, we spent **365** days with each other, even when apart. There have been lonely days, sad days, days where I missed you so much that it hurt, but also a lot of very happy days. So many days where I'll stop what I'm doing, think about the fact that you exist in my life, and be in a state of bliss for the next while. It's been 365 days of learning from you about how to be a better person, and a better partner. 365 days later, and I still can't believe that you're mine, and you're even more perfect for me than I imagined at the start. 

I appreciate you so much. I love you so much. I can't live life without you. I will always believe in you, just as you've believed me in me this whole time. Happy 1 year - I can't wait for the rest of our time together.