---
layout: post
date: '2019-12-20'
title: 'Whistler'
---

I didn’t think that we would take so many trips in the span of a year a year ago, but here we are. Whistler is pretty local, but still a bit of a trek away from home, and I feel like we both experienced how treacherous the drive can get in the winter. If I went by myself, I might have died, but with you in the passenger seat, it really didn’t feel like that tiring (or stressful) of a drive.

I also never imagined that we’d be doing it with each other so often. I find it quite funny that the first thing we do after we check in is do it with each other, but the timing worked out perfectly because it was right before that dreaded time of the month. I can’t wait to be around each other more often, because I wonder if sex will become even more spontaneous than it is now.

This trip contained a few minor inconveniences too, but none of them really made negative the overall experience. I think these were things that easily could have tipped some couples over the edge. For example, me not confirming we had a kitchen was an open invitation for you to go off on me on how I was careless and didn’t check things properly, but you didn’t do that. We pouted for a bit, and you suggested a different plan of eating instant noodles instead, which sounded pretty good too. Even the whole circuit breaker issue when we were making our noodles, while annoying, ended up being such a funny memory for us. I don’t think we could have purposely killed 6 chickens, but we did it this trip. I’m glad I got to share all these moments with you.

Snowboarding is difficult, but I’m really grateful for how much patience you have for me when you wait for me at every slope. It’s a lot of fun to try and figure this thing out, and I’m looking forward to when I can go down the mountain with you at around the same pace. Really not sure I would have gotten back into this if you didn’t exist, and I’m glad that we have some physical exercise-related activity for the different seasons. I wonder what Fall and Spring are… would that be swimming?

I love doing things with you, it just makes it so much more fun and enjoyable. This whole trip was just us doing things together, from buying chips, to watching TV, to going down green runs, to driving back home, and I had the best time doing all of it  with you. In a year, I’m happy that we’re past the point of worrying if we’ll kill each other on a trip together - we know it’ll go well, and that we’ll make some great memories together.

I wonder what other things we haven’t done yet that we will later, but I’m really starting to like the fact that we do things together that not all couples do. It pleases me to draw envy from others, by doing things that can’t be easily replicated or bought.

Can’t wait for the next trip…