---
title: "Vancouver again"
layout: post
date: '2019-08-12'
---

I drove back to Vancouver with the excuse of dropping off some stuff at home, but really, it was to see you, meet Sam, Mona, and Jasmine, as well as finally have you meet my friends. 

We had Saturday before all the social interaction on Sunday, so we opted to not do too much, and just read. By read, what we meant was actually going for dessert at 3 Quarters Full first, before meandering over to the library to read a book that we bought. Actually not a bad way to spend a day, because it was such an experience to eat Instagrammable foods that tasted good. Maybe we should go back there for dinner someday. 

Reading together was so nice, and all I wished for during that time was that we could be on some cozy couch snuggled up reading, but I guess the library was nice too for how quiet it was. I think we were supposed to get to the library much earlier, but I think for one of our first attempts in planning out a day, we did pretty good. Definitely didn't account for our detour to the beach to take a picture of your strawberry milk.

We had dinner and went to have coffee and read for a bit more, and afterwards, we walked around what was the mural festival because it was way too early to go home. This always happens, where at the beginning of the day, it feels like there's so many hours, but somehow everything in the middle that happens actually just feels like an hour. It's a good thing though, I think, that all the normal things we do don't feel like they're boring or take too long. That might make getting to retirement age feel much faster than it actually is.

Taking you home was no fun, as usual. Laifu also came out and reminded me that he was first in your life, and promptly sat on my foot again. Back home to get ready for the next day.

It was raining in the morning, and I think you bussing to the restaurant actually helped me out, because I spent some time before getting there talking to my parents, and made it feel slightly less bad that I was gonna dip and not see them until the next weekend.

I managed to parallel park with only 20 cm to spare... somehow... must have been the adrenaline from getting there only 2 minutes before I would be deemed "late". We both got there on time, early by about 10 minutes, and we just waited. I'm so glad that your habit of punctuality has rubbed off on me, but I can definitely still do better.

Steven and Jasmine got there first, and I did not expect Jasmine to look like that. She looks like she could put Steven through the wall. Sam and Mona showed up later, and I was really worried that they'd be on the corner of the table and ignored, but I think it actually worked out, because throughout the entire   brunch, they were very lovey-dovey with each other, and I don't think they could play with their hands like that if they were sitting next to each other.

The food was... eh... but the conversation was good and made up for it. It was mostly roasting Steven, and seeing the dynamic between him and Jasmine, and I'm happy for him. He seems to be in a good place. I still think we're the better couple though. We have  $14 while they only maybe have $12. I don't think this is something for me to sit on and feel complacent about though, because I don't want brunches that happen in the future to end up with us down in the rankings out of us three, so I'm gonna work hard to ensure that we'll always at least have  $2 difference between us and them.

There was a short break in the middle where we went shoe shopping at Richmond Center, and saw Angelina Ko pass by. What a weird feeling. I think she knows both of us separately, so I bet she never expected that we'd get together. 

We didn't buy shoes, but we saw the ones that we would buy online after I get back to Seattle. You bought a pair of holographic Stan Smiths, which are so cute. I did buy my blue Uniqlo linen shirt, so I'm quite happy with our haul.

We went for coffee afterwards, and had a small break before meeting up with MY friends. This day I never thought would come so soon, but I'm actually so happy that you agreed to meeting them. No one will ever replace you, but my group of friends is important to me because they've stuck around for this long, and everyone genuinely cares about each other, even when everyone's living somewhere different nowadays. They were actually worried you wouldn't like them, which apparently is odd, but I think they really wanna get to know you and have you be a part of our group too, which I'm actually not against, because I'm sure things like board games or video games or other random outings would be fun. 

I think you handled everything wonderfully. Bethany thinks you're great, from all that talking with you throughout the night. I'm so proud of you for handling an entire day of meeting people, and I appreciate you so much for being the perfect partner. It's really not that hard to get my friends to like you because I can only say good things about you. 

We stopped for yogurt before driving home, and I can't believe we paid $7 for a thing that costs 7 rmb back in China. It was good though, and I'm glad you got to realize your dream of going there much sooner than expected.

The drive back to Seattle had a scary section in the middle with lots of rain and wind, but thankfully we called throughout the whole thing and you got me through this ordeal in one peace. I think driving by myself will forever be ruined, because it just feels like you should be in the seat beside me keeping me company, hearing me rant about bad drivers. Somehow, when I was almost home, things got a little steamy, and that was just enough to get me frustrated for the next day or so. I can't ever be fully satisfied when it comes to spending time with you, because I always leave wanting more. I'm not looking forward to being away  for so long so soon, but I'm excited for how explosive we'll be when we get back together.