---
title: "Back to Vancouver"
layout: post
date: '2019-07-27'
---

Fireworks was at 10 pm, and like all the days we spend together where the biggest thing happening that day is really late, I thought, "how do we fill the time from 2:30 pm to 10 pm?"

I don't know why I still think this, because the time just decides to start sprinting. 

We started off the afternoon at Butter.mere, and had some really cute and also really good dessert. Yogurt puff for you, salted egg yolk cream puff for me, along with a pink hot chocolate for you, and a latte for me. I think I made the guy mess up, because I was staring at him the whole time he was trying to do latte art... oops. Maybe he thought I was a pro barista, but really, all I wanted was to learn how to do those fancy latte art things because I want to one day be able to do it for you every single morning! It was also just so much fun to sit in the cafe and see the demographic change from all girls, to all guys and some old white men followed in by younger looking Asian women, making me wonder why they're together. People watching with you is so fun, but I can't wait for the day when we can telepathically transmit our thoughts, so that we can gossip with each other about the people around us.

Next stop was Main Street, because I wanted to go to this gift shop selling text things. A small store, and a little disappointing, but we found a lot of consignment stores nearby where you almost bought a pair of sunglasses. I'm a little jealous that there are so many things that you can buy in terms of clothes, because I almost never find anything good for myself in any store... don't even get me started on consignment/thrift stores. It's okay though! I never would have been motivated to actually dress myself better if it wasn't for you, so slowly... very slowly... I will accumulate enough pieces to make one nice outfit.

We eventually made our way to Pacific Center to pick up your jeans, but when I found out that we were gonna get charged up the butt for parking, we stayed longer in that area to try and find a white Adidas hoodie for me. Apparently, it's very difficult to find a white Adidas hoodie. I swear, every single time I have my wallet out, ready to buy, I can't find what I'm looking for. It's okay though, because I made this promise to myself (and to you) that I'd own stuff that you can steal one day, and hopefully that's many things you can steal. The idea of it makes me happy, because you'd only want to steal something from me if you like me... I hope you like me forever!!

We had dinner at La Mezcaleria, and ordered only cheese. I was a little skeptical that cheese would be a good dinner, but holy shit it was the best cheese I've ever had. I was extremely happy. I feel like a big chunk of the happiness comes from the fact that enjoying food with you means we don't have to eat with perfect manners all the time, and it's a bit of a throwback to the very first time we ate together, which was a food that you had to eat with your hands. With how important eating is in our lives (like, we literally have to do it at least once a day), and knowing that it's something we'll spend a lot of time together doing, there's a feeling of happiness in the realization that all the mundane but mandatory things in life with you are actually really enjoyable. 

Somehow, we were actually worried about not making fireworks in time. We parked at Waterfront, and walked over, and it was actually a pretty good show, especially because I had low to no expectations from India. I think this was a really nice way to end off the day, because it was such an amazing feeling to watch fireworks with you, while holding you from behind. I may have dreamed about this many times, but actually feeling it is an entirely different story. It's a feeling that I'll never tire of, because it's the one thing in the world that I know will always be good, and can basically fix whatever bad feelings I have at the time.

Driving home was so sad, because it felt like the day ended way too soon, but we figured out what we were gonna do tomorrow. From now on, we'll plan things out, so that we have a little more structure to our days. It's all happening, and all we have to do is just adjust ourselves so that it can always be the best relationship in the world. 