---
title: "McDonald's before brunch"
layout: post
date: '2019-07-28'
---

This was a shorter day because I was gonna eat dinner with my family, but we woke up earlier despite a long day yesterday to go have brunch at Breakfast Table. 

We got lied to by Yelp, because we did in fact have to wait about 30 minutes. This was okay, because you needed stuff from the art store, but we couldn't take it anymore and bought hashbrowns from McDonald's. We thought they would be grab-and-go, but actually, they made us wait about 6-7 minutes because they had no hashbrowns in the fryer. So much for eating them before brunch. We ended up walking into Breakfast Table with the hashbrowns in hand. I really should stop predicting these funny but completely possible scenarios.

Brunch was really good, but they had these weird pickled cauliflower in your dish that I thought weren't gonna be that sour, but they were. Don't worry though, in the future I'll still eat all the food you won't eat, no matter how sour.

After brunch we went to the movies, and watched The Lion King. I don't think we've ever watched a non-kid movie together, but that's okay. We have a lifetime to watch these movies together, and I really wanna watch Batman with you still, because it's one of my favourite movie series. 

To be honest, I didn't watch the animated Lion King before, but the story I do know, so it was so cool to see how it all unfolded for the first time. I should probably find the time to watch the original...

After the movie we went to La Foret to have dessert and coffee, and I marveled at how big of a space it was, because I don't think I've been in a cafe that spacious ever. I don't think we were really there for the cafe though, but more for sitting there together so we could have some time with each other that didn't involve constantly walking. I like sitting in cafes with you, because we don't have to be talking, but sitting in front of you already makes my heart so happy. 

One more small thing, is that you pretty much didn't let me pay for anything this weekend... and I don't think I'm a freeloader but I definitely was super happy that you felt like you should even though my money is your money and vice versa. Just one of the small things about you that make you such a great person.

Saying goodbye again is always so hard, even if it's only a few days in between. The days in between are stupidly long though, so it still feels so criminal that time together passes by in the blink of an eye. It was such a fun weekend with you, and despite the descriptions of our activities being so ordinary, it all in the moment felt extraordinary.