---
title: "Stupid UBC co-op"
layout: post
date: '2019-03-26'
---

The weekend went by in a flash, with only the Skype timer showing the reality of just how much time we spent together. Sort of. It’s always a little bittersweet knowing that while video calls are close, it’s not quite close enough.

I’m not really sure exactly what we talked about, but there was some good conversation. That’s the beauty of it all, that there’s always something to share. It freaks me out a little bit sometimes, because I wonder if one day it’ll just stop, but since you roll your eyes at me when I say that, I really don’t think I have a basis to worry. In any case, it was a good weekend, because I felt refreshed and happy and bouncy come Monday (and you did too, because you wore cute clothes for the first time in a while). 

Today though, you had a run in with the UBC Co-op bullies. How stupid. I can’t believe it’s someone’s job to be a butt. I’m also sorry that you had to run into that problem, and feel angry for no real good reason. It’s times like this when I wish that the distance wasn’t there, because I’m sure a hug would do what words can’t. I don’t feel great when you don’t feel great, and some of that is from not being able to do more on my end. I still think you handle problems really well, and I admire you a lot for that, because it’s something that I’m trying to get better at and now I finally have a role model to follow.

It’s just one of these times where all the things happening combined with all the different moods makes this just a little harder than it needs to be, but it does contribute to how much more I want to see you. It might not be fair to everyone else that if we get together, we can probably solve problems a little too easily, so maybe this is just our way of being nice and letting them have a head start.