---
layout: post
date: '2019-04-21'
---

Mostly a travel day today, so we were lazy and stayed in bed for a long time. Well, that’s not actually true. We put on our clothes, admired each other for a while, and found it extremely enjoyable to make out with each other fully clothed. Does this mean I’ll never be able to wear anything else ever again?

We went to Kazu for lunch. We walked in thinking “ehhhhhh” but after the food came and we took a bite we were like “ohhhhhhhh”. It was really, really, really good. I’m not sure we’ve ever been to a truly horrific food place together. 

The train ride back to Ottawa really didn’t feel like two hours, and when we got there… my god, I’m so sorry you had to stay in this city for 4 months. Parliament and the surrounding areas were nice, but that’s about it. Pretty much a ghost town. That’s a lot of money put into a city that no one lives in.

We got upset again tonight, but also it got resolved within an hour. I think for me, I really needed to hear from you in person that you will never ever give up on me. Whatever walls were up (and I guess they weren’t very high to begin with) felt like they were being broken down, and that’s just a really encouraging thing for me to know. 

I keep thinking that maybe we’re lucky, or maybe things just aren’t going wrong yet, but I’m starting to believe that a third option is possible, and that’s the one where we just both are working hard to make this thing last forever, with just the right amount of give and take from both sides.

It really doesn’t feel like I’m giving up anything with you, though.