---
layout: post
date: '2019-05-05'
---

What an interesting sight to behold.

Alice was very hung over this morning, but we went for brunch anyways at Vive la Tarte. It was supposed to be an interrogation, but I don’t think she was in any mood to do that. 

It’s interesting because we both have experienced being like that probably more than once, so witnessing it from an outsider’s perspective was something new. Honestly, I thought I would miss alcohol and getting drunk (and it is fun to get drunk for sure), but I definitely do not miss the feeling of the day after. I’m really not sure how I got through those days… and at some point, I’m really not sure how I managed to do multiple days where I felt like that. 

Fast-forward to now, we’re both not drinking, and less fat, and hopefully happier than we were 8 months prior, and it got me to think that if you weren’t around, where would my motivation be to fix myself? I think I mostly drank because I felt like I needed to feel better than I already did at that moment, and I guess being drunk was a way to temporarily forget about how poorly I felt when sober. It wasn’t healthy, not like I was healthy in the first place, but at the time I probably could care less, because who did I have to care about besides myself? And since I didn’t care about myself, I chose the route of self-destruction.

It’s a lot different nowadays. I don’t really have a reason anymore to want to be drunk, and because you’re here now, there’s some motivation there to do better for my own sake, and so that I can say that I deserve you. I like who I am when I’m with you, and that’s saying a lot, because I don’t think I’ve really ever liked myself much in the time that I’ve been alive.

I think life was always a little meaningless up until now. Now, I know that I want a future with you, and there’s suddenly a thing to work towards… giving up bad habits feels like the logical step towards that. 

We’ve come pretty far, haven’t we? If you really think about it, I think we’ve both taken steps towards being better people for both ourselves, and for each other.