---
title: "Routines"
layout: post
date: '2019-03-02'
---

It’s a bit more routine lately, in the sense that after a long week, we both sort of just do nothing on the weekend and spend time with each other’s image on our screens. It’s quite nice.

We really don’t do much, besides make food to eat for the meals that we have to eat, but somehow time still passes by quickly. I really wish that we can have an actual lazy day together, because it sounds nice to just spend time together and not do anything in particular. I think that’s the main thing we’re missing that other people might take for granted; time together is so precious that it feels like a waste to not do anything (especially if we’re someplace new), but then again, I’m sure there’ll be plenty of time to be lazy in the future when we eventually close the distance.

Some small things of note from today:

1. You really believe that I am a smart person. That makes me so happy, because of being told otherwise for a large part of my life. Your belief in me keeps me going, and I appreciate you for pulling me out of the dump.
2. You were okay with me going back to my video game!! This is huge, because I never before got to play video games or do my own thing without someone else getting upset with me. Thank you thank you for letting me do my own things, even if they’re not your favorite things in the world.

In general, I really appreciate you for being so good to me, even if you don’t think you’re being good to me. You’re an amazing person, and the goodness of your heart really shows. You’re stuck to me, okay? I’ve found the secret no one else knew about, and I’m taking all this wonderfulness before they find out.