---
title: "Valentine's Day"
layout: post
date: '2019-02-14'
---

Happy Valentine’s Day!

I really wasn’t expecting to get anything from you, so I already felt very special about the fact that you made something for me. Truthfully, I felt like no matter what I got, I wouldn’t be disappointed, because if you were that worried about whether or not it was good, that meant you didn’t half-heartedly make it and send it off to me without a care in the world. The worry told me that you did care what I would think of it.

I thought your gift was amazing. It was really clear that there was a lot of thought that went into it, and I also think you executed it beautifully. I know you tell me that you’re glad I remember things for you, but this really helped me to remember again a lot of the happy moments during our time together. I particularly loved this gift for the reason that it summarized quite nicely why we work; we don’t really do anything too differently from other people, in the sense that other people go out for food, other people take trips, other people talk to each other on a day-to-day basis, but the crucial difference that this gift points out is that all the things we do together, we do happily. It’s a reminder that everything we’ve done with each other is a good memory, even the things that didn’t go as planned. We’re creating the ideal relationship ourselves, instead of trying to compare to what the world deems ideal. It’s a gift that shows me just how invested you are into us.

Don’t worry about me not liking your gift. It’s really the most thoughtful thing I’ve ever received, and you really give yourself too little credit. You made me feel very loved, and special, and it’s not a feeling I’ve ever felt on Valentine’s Day before.

I really hope you liked my gift too, and I hope it made you feel special. I know now that you don’t like guitar nearly as much as the other instruments in the world, but I hope I can still share music with you. 

Valentine’s Day has never really been my forte, but I hope I can make you feel special again next year. You make me feel that way all the time, actually, so today you managed to dazzle me even more than usual. I love you so very much, and I hope soon if you make a box again, it’ll have to be mailed to me in a large Canada Post box.