---
layout: post
date: '2019-01-02'
---

Vegas, Vegas, Vegas. The long anticipated year-end trip that we planned and agreed to within a weekend. Even getting there and walking on the strip felt surreal. A trip somewhere, with you! Dream come true territory, for sure.

I’m sure you don’t need me to remind you about what happened on NYE. I’m glad you turned out okay, and I hope that by the time you read this, life is much better. Thinking about it (and looking at our shared album), even though we felt sort of icky during the last two days, we still captured a lot of happy memories. It was sort of interesting to see from our photos that we looked more and more natural taking selfies together as the day went on. We really do look good together.

Some takeaways from the trip:

1. We didn’t get annoyed at each other!
2. The best love is unconditional
3. We both really, really want a future
4. We’re both happy when we’re together almost all the time
5. We look good together in photos
6. We can deal with mishaps, and pull through. Both of us pull weight for different things
7. You take accountability for your actions and I really admire that
8. I get annoyed at drunk people asking where I bought my Canada Goose when I’m worried about you
9. We make up for each other in the things we struggle with
10. My arm doesn’t get numb under you when sleeping

I’m sure neither of us want to go through an experience like this again, because watching someone you love suffer is never fun. But we can look at this time and think “hey, we got through it okay”. 

You also keep mentioning that I’m a good person, and… I mean, I always tried to be a nice person but I didn’t come into the relationship like this. It’s just so easy to want to be nice to you; you are the reason I started to appreciate things in life and also feel whole again. It’s only normal for me to want to show you just how much you mean to me - I would do anything for you (if it’s legal). Thanks for seeing past my awkwardness and for being my other potato. 

This was a good trip, but not for the reasons we were expecting. We both grew in our relationship, and spoiled ourselves with some much needed privacy. I’m happy we went into the New Year with each other, with the feeling that we both know that we want a future together.