---
title: "I fell asleep..."
layout: post
date: '2019-04-28'
---

I feel like I’ll combine this weekend into one entry, because I think my feelings have been pretty consistent these few days.

Friday night was when you stayed up really late to get to the airport at an ungodly early hour. I was extremely tired, probably from this past week. Apparently traveling and a long weekend full of days with little sleep right before jumping into work again isn’t good for you. 

I fell asleep when you stopped replying me for a bit when you lined up for Timmies. I woke up at 4:30 in a panic, and tried to call you, only to realize that your plane actually took off about 30 minutes ago. It was a very poor sleep I had afterwards, because I felt like I did something that disappointed you. I really hate the feeling of disappointing or upsetting you, because I know you don’t deserve it, and I know that if I did it, then I could have prevented it.

You found your diary entry that you wrote on May 5 about me, and it’s a little scary how similar it is to how you’ve been feeling towards me in the last 8 months. I know that it’s a bit different, that your feeling back then were of what you thought I would be like, but nevertheless, it’s quite endearing to know that I had that big of an impact on you.

A little bit sad for me to know that I also killed that perception you had almost immediately when you met me though.

It’s okay though, I think at that time, I really wasn’t mature enough to handle something like this. As much as the last two years sorta sucked for me (and probably for you, for different reasons), I think it was necessary for us to find each other again, knowing this time that the other person is truly what was needed all this time. I’m willing to wager that our feelings towards each other now is a product of our experiences during those two years.

Sunday (today), we got to call each other while you painted your nails. I’m never one to be unhappy about seeing you, but I do feel a little sad. I think it has a little to do with you leaving on vacation for this coming week, and knowing that I’ll get to talk to you a little less. I don’t think that’s completely it though, because it doesn’t make sense if I’m seeing you this coming Friday. I think part of me is sad that while we do get to see each other more frequently now, it still all has to be planned, and scheduled, and we just don’t have the luxury of seeing each other whenever we’d like too. I’m a little sad that this is more difficult than it really needs to be. I wish that this wasn’t the case, but I’m also a little scared of thinking if this wasn’t the case, would we still be as close? It’s these open-ended questions that keep me up at night (or at the very least, put me in a bad mood).

I still worry a lot about things, and nowadays, the majority of it stems from us. I’m always worried that I’ll do something wrong or make you lose patience, or that you’ll stop liking me one day, and I know these are all unfounded worries. It’s just that you’re really too good to be true, and I never thought in all my years that I’d actually be able to end up with someone as amazing as you, so I guess this weekend I’ve just been feeling like I need to hold you as tightly as I can.

I love you so much, and this is the first time I’ve felt so many emotions in such a long time. I think it’s a good thing. I think it means that I’m finally letting my heart do its thing again, and it’s just a little worried about losing something so good.