---
title: "Seattle together 3"
layout: post
date: '2019-07-21'
---

Another weekend with you comes and goes, and it feels like an hour rather than two and a half days. The good times in life go by quickly, so I guess all the time we spend together are good times.

The highlight of this weekend was definitely the Mailbox Peak hike. This was much harder than all the hikes we’ve gone on so far, and we didn’t stop on the way up or down. Truth be told, if you weren’t there, I might have sat down like a peasant, but I’m glad I didn’t. There was such a feeling of achievement when we got to the top, and I love hiking with you for the reason of feeling like we both achieved something difficult together. It’s one of those activities that are tiring and sometimes even painful, and that’s an easy gateway for people to get annoyed/mad at each other, but we always make it through in one piece, and we always leave the trailhead holding hands and cracking jokes. Some people say they can’t do certain things with their significant others, but I feel like we can do anything together and be happy.

I cooked for you that night because I didn’t feel like going out again for heavy food. This was a dream come true, because you mentioned my love for cooking as a thing you found attractive three years ago, so it was nice to finally prove that I could do it. I really do like making food, so hopefully you won’t get sick of the endless variations I make of the same dish when I try to get better at it.

We had the heaviest brunch on Sunday, and went to the Starbucks Reserve. The coffee looked nicer, and had latte art, and was more expensive, but somehow still tasted like bleh Starbucks coffee. I guess we graduated from Starbucks. I also learned that my stupid face looking over glasses does something for you, but I promise I won’t abuse it too much. Don’t worry, your faces and the things you say do something for me too. I’ll tell you what they are as I start to notice them.

We embarked on a quest to find soft serve after, but it took 30 minutes instead of 10 because I kept getting on the wrong roads and highways. Thankfully, you found all of this extremely funny, and you have no idea how much relief I felt to experience that. I’ll try not to get on the wrong highways all the time, but I’m glad I can sit there and enjoy all the moments of life with you, even the ones that are considered bloopers. The only thing we are actually serious about is each other - everything else is something we can joke about.

Of course, all of these weekends come to an end. I was so sad to see you leave again, and deep down inside I felt like if you missed your Greyhound, driving you home wouldn’t be the worst option as it would just be another way to spend more time with you. One day our time together won’t end, and hopefully we never have to say goodbye in this way ever again.