---
title: "Always worth it"
layout: post
date: '2019-01-12'
---

The weekly time to destroy any sleep schedule we had starts again! Well, more for you than for me because of the time difference... I’m amazed you slept at 6:30 am. I’m so sorry but also not because you kept me company. 

We talked about a lot of things, as usual. A lot of remembering the first little while of our relationship. It really could have all gone wrong but somehow it didn’t, and here we are; I wonder what changed and at what point, or was it a gradual transition? Either way, I’m happy that things are at a point where I can honestly say I hope I’m in your future with you together. I wonder what things will look like by the time you read this. 

There was one thing you talked about, which was I think your emailed diary to yourself from a year ago where you described how happy you were in Calgary and wished you had those things. At the moment it doesn’t seem like it’s anything close to that, but I hope the pieces all come together for you at some point to create a life that’s even better. Something that’s amazing but sustainable for the long term, not just a summer. Truthfully, that’s what I want too - I’m not 100% happy with what I have at the moment, not because it’s not good, but because it’s just some degrees off from what would be “ideal”. It’s a bit dumb to think anything could be ideal, because I’m sure I don’t actually know what’s ideal until it hits me in the face... but having a washer/dryer in my unit would be a good start. 

I wish the simple things were easier. Who knew that just wanting a hug or a kiss required a plane ticket? All the more worth it for when it happens, I suppose. 

You’re worth it, I’m 100% sure about that. 