---
title: "The last day... for a bit"
layout: post
date: '2019-05-31'
---

This was the last day, and I could tell that you were running on fumes. It was a bit of a rough start, but as soon as the food came (and went), things got a little better. I'm really thankful that you didn't make me drive you back to Coquitlam today, because I really did have to finish packing. But that meant I got less time with you, but I also felt bad that you were so tired, so it really was a struggle for me to agree to it.

We went back to Kerrisdale for Nana's, and I think we really needed that dessert. It was a nice place to be, just to sit with you somewhere and enjoy the last bit of time together for at least the next three weeks. I didn't want to go though. I feel like this just gets harder every single time - I thought the first time was hard, but this time it felt like my heart was getting twisted. Maybe good though, because imagine if it got easier each time. I'm definitely okay with liking you more and more as time goes on.

What did I learn this week (and a half)? I learned that we can be doing anything together and enjoy that time. My heart was happy the whole time, minus the time where I was late. I was probably physically tired at some point, but I never felt the "social" tired that I do when I'm around people for too long. I wonder why this is. Maybe it's because I don't feel like I have to act a certain way around you, that you accept me for who I am. I'm not actually sure I learned anything new, to be honest, but it's more like affirming what I believed before was all true.

This is the first time in my life where I saw somebody almost everyday and my excitement didn't dwindle one bit. I know what we did wasn't really off-the-wall crazy, but they're all things that are happy because they're done with you, and I really need that right now. I've never felt this happy before, ever, and it's so sad to go again because I know that this has to be put on pause until the next time I see you. I guess it's only fair, given that everything else is perfect, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. I hope the next little while goes by quickly, so we can get on with the rest of our lives together.