---
title: "San Francisco, part 2"
layout: post
date: '2019-05-04'
---

There was something going on between you and Alice that had to do with duplicate Pooh stuffies. Oops. I suggested that we head out early to grab coffee before brunch.

I took you to The Coffee Movement, a small shop tucked away on Washington St. I really liked their coffee, as it didn’t cause me to make a face when I took a sip. I went everyday for a week though, just to be sure that they really were as good as the first time I went. Thankfully, it seems like you liked it too. I’m glad, especially after some disappointing coffees we’ve had in the last while. 

We walked over to brunch afterwards, at Surisan. You being there and ordering actual food meant I could order something sweet that I always wanted to try, and oh my god, it was so good. Once again, just eating with you is one of the biggest joys of my life, and I feel like everything just tastes -that- much better when we eat together. I guess food really does bring people together, and in our case, it also brings us closer.

Your haircut was next, and I was super nervous that you wouldn’t be able to get something you liked. I thought your new haircut with bangs was adorable, and Shannon (the hairstylist) also told me when you were changing that she thought you were so cute. It did take a few hours for you to slowly adjust to your new hair, but that’s okay - it definitely was a drastic change. I really really really like it though, and I’m sure other people would find it cute too. Also truth be told, I wanted the opportunity to spoil you a little over the weekend, which explains why I was so adamant about it. 

We went for a walk to Japantown, where we had tofu/cantaloupe ice cream, then to the Painted Ladies, then to Bernal Heights, where we wanted to take pictures on a swing. We witnessed a pair of international students take pictures, and it was great entertainment and amusement to see them hog the swing, and also judge their outfits for being expensive but a little tacky. That poor fur hoodie thing just put onto the dirt… yikes.

We took a few more photos here, and I’ve noticed that compared to the very first photos we took together, we look so much closer in the most recent ones. I think being more comfortable with each other contributed to that, as we became more at ease with being silly with each other, and we were more willing to touch each other. I don’t know if that’s really the case, but I do know that everything looks and feels more natural as time goes on. It’s nice to have photo evidence.

The day ended with udon, and we witnessed two guys beside us order giant bowls of udon with piles of tempura. Yikes. Afterwards, we went back to my place to spend some time in bed, before we walked back to your place.

Sleep didn’t happen right away, as Alice apparently got very drunk and puked. I was determined not to fall asleep before you did this time.

It was a long day that lasted for over 14 hours, but it didn’t feel like I had to put in much effort to fill up the time. It was just an enjoyable day that we took at our own pace, culminating in the one thing that you really wanted to do here in San Francisco, which was to swing on a swing overlooking a view of the city. I love spending the time with you to do things and go places, because it’s always a more memorable experience when it’s with you. Here’s to more days like this in the coming decades, where we can go through a whole day without any solid itinerary, but still have the best time of our lives with each other.