---
title: "Honesty"
layout: post
date: '2019-09-15'
---

I forgot what it was like to be back at school again after two years, and it's safe to say that I wasn't exactly ready for this transition. School has always been a sore topic for me, I think especially because I'm doing a non-STEM degree in a predominantly STEM school, so I've always felt like there was less value in what I studied, even if I did well. It wasn't a feeling I liked to feel, so the last two weeks have felt increasingly bad for my emotional state, as it felt more and more pointless to do the things I should be doing because I somehow adopted a mentality of "I need to know how to do EVERYTHING".

I probably wanted to do the equivalent of mope around and have you pet me and tell me it's okay, but as is the case with our entire relationship, you offered your honest thoughts on what I should do to stop feeling the way I was feeling. I feel like someone somewhere once said that the things you want to hear the least are the things you should be listening to, and I knew deep down that you were right, despite wanting to mope for just a little longer in the moment. You fell asleep shortly after, and I was left to simmer in my thoughts for a bit before I fell asleep playing the animal restaurant game.

The fact that you don't look down on me, nor make me feel like a less capable person, is incredibly important. I'll always think of myself as average, maybe slightly above that, but this is something I can lean on and remember during times like these. It forms the basis for how I go about getting myself out of this mindset, and I think (for now) I'm able to say that I feel better. I'll just focus on the things I'm supposed to focus on, like I've been doing for the last two years, and everything will be okay. Everything will be okay because I'll always have you by my side, and I know that I'll always get that kick I need when times are a little tough. 

There's a lot of growing I can do still, and the most valuable advice is from you, the person I love most. I'm so glad I can tell you everything, especially the difficult things.