---
title: 'New routines'
layout: post
date: '2019-09-11'
---

It's been about a week since classes have officially started, and I'm starting to feel like I've settled in a bit more than I was two weeks ago. I can't believe I've already been here for two weeks, but that's good - it's two weeks closer to coming home.

I've gone back to taking a depression nap almost everyday before starting to do my work in the evening. It's probably bad for me to keep doing this. I think I'll stop once I sleep at the normal hour that I've been trying to sleep at for the last two weeks. It's real hard to go to bed on time knowing that you're awake though; I feel like time with you is so limited nowadays and it's only gonna get more limited as the term gets busier.

It's not as bad as I imagined it a year ago though, but maybe I'm speaking a little too soon because it's not like the wave of midterms and projects for you has hit just yet. I appreciate all the time you take out of the free time you do have to reply to me, because it means the world to me when my phone lights up and the notification is from you, and not some random spam email that I don't care about. I still miss you so much, so to cope, I try to find things to send to you because my "thinking about you" energy has to go somewhere, right? 

Things are... okay. Everyday I dream about seeing you again, and that keeps me going. Everyday I dream about what it'd be like to have our own space, and not have to deal with roommates who steal bread. It's my way of blocking out stupid Ontario living. 

I think if I came back to school without you, I'd be actually sad and depressed, but I'm doing okay because I have you as the one sure thing in my life. Please don't leave me.