---
layout: post
date: '2019-01-19'
---

Jeff ran away after confessing. Jeff RAN AWAY after confessing. Imagining it is like imagining something you’d see on a cartoon, or a Disney channel TV show. 

Let me just say that... I was not always brave. Back in the day, I’ve definitely also been too scared to ask someone, or I’ll message them... or we talk about it mutually through messages. But I figured that I’m 22 now and it means more to ask in person. I’m probably still not brave. But slightly braver.

But anyways. I never knew that this was such a widespread thing past high school. Fear of rejection, maybe? I guess rejection does hurt, and in asking you’re presenting yourself on a platter to the other person, and it’s hard to not take it personally if they say no. I thank my friends for being in relationships where it seems like the majority of them were asked/asked in person. 

Running away is definitely a new one though. Especially before getting the answer. I wonder if his tires were squealing when he drove out of there…

I felt so sad when you told me that you felt like all the guys that you dated before dated you because they thought “they wouldn’t mind dating [you]”, and not because they really really really liked you. Both sad, and confused, because were they blind? I guess it’s good for me that they slept on how great of a person you are (a conscientious, intelligent, kind, caring, compassionate person), but you definitely deserved a lot better than just lukewarm feelings. 

I didn’t know any of this, obviously, before asking you. But in time I had to myself over the summer, I was at least able to figure out that if I was going to ask someone out, it better someone who I was damn sure about wanting at my side for the next long while. If I was going to ask you to trust in me and commit to me like that, asking in person was probably the least I could do. Also… I’m not sure how confidence-inspiring asking over message would be, and I’m sure it would make you question how much I actually like you.

Rest assured, I like you very much. I’m over the moon about dating you, and I’m glad that we started things out in the way that you always wanted, even if it was unknowingly on my part. You’re incredibly special to me, and I hope I can win your heart over and over.  