---
title: "A short long day"
layout: post
date: '2019-05-25'
---

We had a day today.

There wasn't anything we planned to do, just where we planned to eat. I was more worried about meeting you on time, which I did - I was early by 1 minute.

We had a pretty simple lunch of pulled noodles, and walking there was when you pointed out a bunch of places on Main street that you wanted to go to, so afterwards, we stopped by Trafiq, and somehow ate 6 tiny cakes.

Gastown was next, for the Herschel store, in order to find your next year's backpack, and we also stopped by Buro Espresso Bar for another round of coffees. I felt anxious, very anxious, for the first time  from caffeine... perhaps I should cut back on how many espressos I drink in a day to prevent that from happening.

Our final stop was Baker + Table, where we had a melon pan, as well as spending some time figuring out what the difference between melon pans and pineapple buns were. We took some pictures holding it in a way that I envisioned the day before - I thought about it in advance because I was just way too excited to be extra with you again.

Before I drove you home, we stopped by my house and you met my pets. It did feel a little awkward, because I'm pretty much never in the situation where I bring a girl home with no one there, but I was definitely being a little selfish because I wanted some alone time with you, which is the kind of time that we get the least of.

All of this happened in 9 hours. All of this could have happened in much less time, but somehow it doesn't really matter what we do, we can stretch it out to fill any block of time, and make it feel like it's too short. In my 23 years of life, I can conclude that this is definitely not the case with everyone, as I usually get too tired by the hour 3 mark. How you leave me wanting more after 4, 8, 16, 24, 48 hours is beyond me, but I wouldn't trade the feeling of being with you for anything else.

We had a very normal day today, but all days with you are special occasions, and today was no exception.