---
layout: post
date: '2019-12-21'
title: 'Seeing my friends part 2'
---

I thought that this would be a pretty simple day, where we’d go pick up some chocolates and head over to Pamela’s place, but this was not to be.

Halfway to Beta5, the craving for mochi took over, so we switched courses to go to Richmond instead. Thank god for transit, because driving would have made it incredibly difficult to switch and get to Richmond in a timely manner. I figure we’ll go to Beta5 at some point anyways, so the stronger craving won out.

Aberdeen certainly has changed since the last time I was there, and it’s good to know that if we’re ever in Richmond and want Sura we can go there. We got our mochi, and scampered out of there, back to Downtown to see if there was anything at Thierry instead.

It’s also been a while since I’ve been on the Canadaline to go between Richmond and downtown. The usually pretty long trip felt really short with you, and gave me a glimpse of what it would have been like if we were dating each other as teenagers. Not that we don’t act like teenagers for… certain things. In an ideal world, we would have struggled through dating in high school too, but I’m also glad that we got to skip ahead to the good part.

You came up with the genius idea to instead go to Sugarfina to get those coffee things, and we ran into your high school acquaintance (sorta) Ashley there. I’m sorry for dragging us around to Thierry, and then back to Nordstrom again, in the rain that wasn’t supposed to be there because it was a 30% chance. I really don’t know how I got so lucky with you sometimes, I really don’t. You even got us the cheesecake too! If I could make that teary-eyed baby emoji right now, I would, because that’s how I felt when you got us the cheesecake.

In a turn of events, the Canadaline decided to shut down, and you saved the day yet again by having a Car2Go account ready to… go. We drove a Mercedes to the party, and if we tried to do it via transit, it might have taken us probably quadruple the amount of time. You say that if we weren’t together, I wouldn’t be in a lot of situations where I could be saved by you, but this one… I think this one would have really resulted in me stuck if you weren’t here.

I’m glad in my group of friends, there’s a lot of talkative ones. My favourite thing to do at these group gatherings is to just blend in, eat, and chime in whenever I need to, and I’m happy that you can join me in doing this. My friends really do like you a lot, and Jasmine asked afterwards if you had fun and that she still really wants to get to know you better. It looks like if anything, finding people to play board games with might not be that hard in the distant-future.

At some point in the night, I felt tired and ready to go, and you did too. Bless the Car2Go, because it cut down the time to get home by about half… if not more. 

For such a simple day on paper, it really was an adventure. Never a dull moment with you.