---
title: "San Francisco, part 1"
layout: post
date: '2019-05-03'
---

This week you were in Disneyland with Alice, and your vacation would end with you coming to visit me here in San Francisco, before heading back home.

For me, this week has been tough. It was a mixture of things, involving work, feeling like I’m losing friends, and getting a reduced dosage of you. It was incredibly tough, because it felt like I was annoying everyone, especially you, with everything that I said. I know rationally that that wasn’t the case, but emotions are extremely hard to control.

The day before at Disney, you posted a story with a Christopher Robin Pooh and captioned it with “I want one”, and so I made it my mission to find you one. For some reason, everyone and their mother wants one too, because they were all sold out at the Disney store in the city, but thankfully at some random mall midway to the airport they had a few (I think they just got new stock). My happiness is pretty simple - beyond some simple things that I want, I derive a lot of my joy from you being happy, in part because it feels like you really appreciate me... so in turn, I appreciate you for appreciating me.

Waiting at the airport made me feel so nervous - it was the same kind of nervousness I felt on the day I asked you out. That kind of nervousness happens almost every time I see you, but it’s immediately gone the moment you wave at me and start walking towards me.

We took an Uber to where you were staying, and headed towards North Beach to have dinner at this pasta place that I frequent. I almost cried from happiness while sitting in front of you, because it really felt like a dream come true that you were in San Francisco, eating with me at a place where I’ve only really been by myself for the last year or so. It wasn’t really about sharing food (or at least, not entirely), but more about sharing the moment together. 

After dinner, we walked back to my apartment, and even the three hills leading up to my door didn’t feel so tiring anymore when I walked with you. You were able to see the way I lived for the last year or so, and genuinely looked sorry for me... which made me laugh a little. Don’t worry, we won’t live like this ever.

You had to go home at some point, so we really didn’t do much except for what we always do when alone, which is make out like a pair of horny teenagers. I’m not sure how we act so civil in public, but maybe because we do that, the pent up energy just gets released behind closed doors. I could never get tired of this, feeling you so close against me, and being able to look into your eyes while I tell you that I love you.

Eventually you had to go home, so I walked you back. It was only a ten minute walk, which to me is crazy - the shortest distance we’ve ever been (besides living together) was always at least a 45 minute drive. It was nice to be able to say “see you tomorrow”, and to be so close.