---
title: "Seattle together 1"
layout: post
date: '2019-06-23'
---

Weekend recap!

I think this was the best weekend I've had in... ever. I was so happy to be able to pick you up and take you home, no transit required. As always, you looked stunning, and the person at the pizza place called us cute. I think that solidifies couple status.

There's something so comforting about being able to shower together, and get ready for bed together. I'm not self-conscious at all while with you, and it all just feels like it was meant to be. With all your stuff here, it feels even more like this is the way things are meant to be, and it feels like I'm missing you here everyday when I brush my teeth.

I was a little worried about how the drive would be to Leavenworth, due to how long it was, but I'm pleased to be able to say that the drive there and back went by in a flash. You're the best car partner in the world, and I'll always do my best to be the safest driver I can be so that we can live long enough to do more road trips to even more amazing places.

The hike killed me, but it felt so satisfying to get to the top in two hours, and be able to find the log that was on Instagram. You're amazing for being able to find the log photo too, because I definitely was just going to hike up there and not know about any log that you could sit on. It really says something when you can do something physically tiring together, and stay happy the entire time. I honestly never thought before that I would like hiking, but nowadays all I want to do is to go on hikes and enjoy the best of nature with you.

We tried to eat in Leavenworth, but the lines were way too long. We ended up at the McDonald's nearby, which was themed (so cute), and honestly, the food was great. We go to McDonald's a lot, and I'm always happy when I end up there with you, so I've definitely developed a soft spot for it. 

A lot of fun was had at home too, and without describing it too much, we both ended up so happy and satisfied after. I could do this with you all the time, and when we're apart, it's what I think about almost all the time. 

Spending time in Seattle today was also nice and relaxed, and we even had Beecher's mac and cheese for dinner! No chowder this time, but next time we'll definitely get the tasting flight. I think there's a few things my Microsoft prime card gives me a discount on, so we'll try it out next time.

It's always so hard to say goodbye, and this time was no exception. Even though the next time I see you will be only a week-and-a-half later, it would be so much better if I didn't have to wait that time in between visits. I don't think going back to long-distance is "reality" anymore; life together is reality. Everything else... isn't. It's all less than ideal. As much as it makes me so happy to know that you're willing to take the bus 4 hours here each time, hopefully one day it won't have to be like that, and that we'll be able to go home together and see each other  every single day.