---
title: "Back to school"
layout: post
date: '2019-09-04'
---

I've settled in, and it's been about a week since I've moved back to school. It's so weird to be in class again, and I feel like a complete outsider. Sorta like transferring schools in Grade 12 or something. Everyone already has their own groups. But to be honest, it's nice not to be accountable to anyone. I can come and go as I please.

I feel very sad to be so far away from you. It feels like the first time, when you went to Ottawa. I know I sleep late, but part of that probably has to do with maximizing the time I get during the day with you. It's just an adjustment, because now our schedules are no longer the same everyday, from 9 - 5 (or 6, or 7), and I know it'll change throughout the year, and honestly, the unpredictability of it all scares me a little. I wish I could feel the sense of security I feel when I'm with you. 

It's a new challenge, but we're not exactly new to challenges, are we? In a way, I'm glad we get to go through all of this, because we won't keel over and die when the slightest breeze blows our way. 

I knew going back to school would happen eventually. I never planned for it to happen exactly at the same time as you, because I didn't plan for you at the time I decided to take a break from school. The timing and everything worked out though, and I'm glad at the very least I graduate at the same time you do. I'm imagining what if I didn't have you, and came back to school - I'm sure I'd feel lonelier than I do now. What would I be working towards? Probably the same things, but just not with as much motivation.

This is all necessary, and even though it hurts sometimes, it's still much better than living life without you. It'll be routine soon, and it'll be over in a flash. 