---
layout: post
date: '2019-11-18'
title: 'Arguing over Bitcoin'
---

The whole thing about the first argument usually being over something dumb is right. I don’t think it’s that we argued over Bitcoin, it’s that Bitcoin caused us to argue over how I wasn’t trying to make you frustrated when you explained it to me. I still don’t actually know exactly what it was that was the issue, because… it probably was a non-issue.

This is the first time you’ve gotten mad at me too, and it was properly angry. Regardless of whether or not it was a bad time of month for you, I still felt like I had failed in… something for letting it happen, even though it would have happened at some point in our lives anyways. Maybe I also just felt sad that we finally argued about something after such a long time, that it felt like a streak just died. One of those sad “firsts”. 

I think some part of me also worried about if I was losing my grip on how to do this whole relationship thing. Just for 30 minutes, I wondered if I was doing okay, or if this whole time was leading up to you finally losing your patience with me and walking out to go shower. It took some time to come to my senses and realize that human things happened in a very human way.

I care about you, about us, and it’s probably to a degree where I just want to be the absolute best thing for you all the time, even though it’s impossible for me to do everything for you perfectly. I’m not sure that will go away, because it’s how I approach all the things I really care about. I’m figuring out how to do things, because I’ve never felt this way about a relationship before, but I guess you’re also trying to figure things out too. Even without proper documentation, we deal with things now better than we would have if this was a year ago.

At the end of all this, I think it was good overall. Nothing really broke, and we learned a few things about how we should deal with these situations in the future. Maybe this whole time I was just scared to cause problems that sometimes it led to inaction, and with us over this hump, maybe I can be a bit more proactive.

Still a good Sunday, all things considered.