---
layout: post
date: '2019-12-08'
title: 'After 3 months away...'
---

…it feels like everything is right with the world again. I felt that familiar feeling of being nervous before seeing you again for real, and even though we only really had the morning planned out, I had no doubt that Saturday was going to be a great day, like it usually is with you.

I was not expecting you to have makeup on today, and in person is so much better. After so many months of only seeing each other through a screen, I remembered again just how stunning you are in person. Your dress fit you so well too, and I think it’s one of my favourites. You are my dream girl standing right in front of me, and there’s the added bonus of you getting in my car too.

Brunch was fancy, and delicious, and the last time I had brunch was with you, so it really did pick up where we left off. I haven’t had good food in so long, and having it with you for the first time again was exactly how I wanted it. You also handed me a surprise, and I’m so glad I was sitting because I got hard so fast. I always thought that it would be a fun thing to have a remote for you, but actually holding one was something else. As much as I was jealous of how good it must feel for you, seeing you squirm and knowing that you’re feeling something because of me was enough to make me horny.

We went looking for a tie, but didn’t find one. A sweater would suffice for the day. We also spent a while in Victoria’s Secret, but it’s honestly not the worst place to spend time. Do you think we’ll go shopping for fun stuff like lingerie together soon? 

Before dinner, we had coffee, and the high chair somehow added to your experience of having a vibrator inside of you. I had so much fun sitting there, with you gripping my hand, and being the only person in the world who knew about what you felt at that moment. If we ever have to go somewhere boring… 

We finally got to your residence after we ate, and what we waited for for three months finally happened. We finally fucked each other, and we spent almost an hour and a half at it. I love the way your skin feels against mine, and when you run your nails down my back I almost can’t take it. I can’t stop thinking about how nice it would be if we didn’t have to be quiet, especially when I get to fuck you hard. All I think about now is reliving that experience, and maybe if the stars align again, I could cum twice too. Next time I wanna take our time and play with each other a bit more, but this time was definitely needed to let all these pent-up feelings of anticipation finally be free. 

I’m happy again, and it’s all thanks to you.