---
title: 'Meeting your friends'
layout: post
date: '2020-10-03'
---

Today I finally met Yvonne and Sabrina over hot pot at Queen Elizabeth Park. The long eating time aspect of hot pot really ups the ante here, but nevertheless, it was an exciting thing to finally meet your friends and integrate myself a little bit more into your life. I had no idea what to expect, because my image of how they are as people up until this point have all been through how you’ve described them. 

It’s actually really difficult for me to describe them still, to be honest, but that just means they’re not one-dimensional characters. I can see that it would never actually be boring to be around them, and there’s probably a reason why they’re still your friends after you’ve culled off a lot of them in recent years. They’re both nice people, I think very pleasant people in fact, and I didn’t get any weird feeling of “am I wrong for not liking this person” today. The kind of friends that I can see us getting lunch with once in a while for me to sit and watch and listen while you three catch up (and for us both to watch them interact with each other). 

It was a little scary to sit through the conversation rating our single friends, because I had the thought that I’m not excused from this topic if I’m not present. I don’t think with my guy friends we’ve really had this conversation where we rated people, and I think the reason for that is the people I hang out with, we tend to pick one girl and put out eggs in that one basket, because we know we don’t have the luxury of choice due to being very average-looking and average boys (when compared to the broader population). It was truly fascinating to hear the judgments being made, and really, it’s something reminding me that your view of me isn’t something to take for granted. With your unique preferences of what you like, the fact that you like me is quite amazing to me, and I hope you’ll still like me later on in the future.

I had fun today and hot pot in Queen Elizabeth Park was definitely an experience. It was nice not to feel the pressure of having to talk to your friends or be grilled about things and to just exist, taking the role of a fly on the wall. I’d still rather just spend time with you, of course, but it’s nice to confirm today that I can also get along with your friends. 