---
layout: post
title: 'Week (4 days) in Paradise'
date: '2020-02-21'
---

Obviously I couldn’t write this while in Hawaii, but I’m back now in front of a computer, so here we go!

I don’t think I need to summarize what we did, because we have all our photos to remember this holiday. I’ll just write about how I feel, because that’s the good stuff anyways.

This is our second trip taken by plane, which feels a little odd considering that we’ve gone on a lot more trips than just two. I really don’t like flying normally, which you already know, but flying with you calms me down substantially. I’m excited to travel with you again, and now that I know I’m really good at movie audio DJing, we can always make the flight time literally fly by by watching all the things we normally don’t get to watch together. Now, if only the Simpsons was available for download…

With the length of this trip, it really felt like a vacation. I actually haven’t been on a proper vacation in so long, and it was so nice to do the things that we decided to do together, and not have to follow our parents’ or a tour guide’s itinerary. Our spreadsheet entries for each day were 3 things max, but that actually turned out to be plenty. I’m happy about the fact that we didn’t just beach bum the entire time, and that we both had the same desire to actually explore some parts of Oahu, and that we both were excited to try out food. It’s all such simple and small things, but if we weren’t aligned on all of these things, this trip would probably have a lot more friction.

People keep saying that travelling is the way to know if you’re compatible with someone, but for us, travelling wasn’t even a difficult thing. It all just feels so natural, like an extension of our relationship back at home, because how different is travel besides spending consecutive 96 hours+ together? We seem to want to spend all our waking hours together anyways, so travelling together actually makes us happier. I usually get tired when I’m around people for more than 2 hours, so the fact that we got through this whole trip along with the delays and didn’t kill each other means we can safely laugh at all those people who can’t travel together. I’m just convinced that we’re gonna be with each other forever, because I’ll never get tired of spending time with you.

Let’s not forget our marathon of doing it… I never in my life thought I’d do it so often, but I can only think about how nice it’ll be one day when we can just do it whenever we want to. Whether it’s a quickie, or a little more time consuming, it’s all so good to me because you always bring me over the edge with your actions and words and did you know that you’re just so hot??? Please never stop wanting to do it with me.

I can’t wait for our next trip, and I’m sure it’ll be magical like this one was. I’m so happy that we express our love for each other constantly - maybe that’s my mommy/daddy issue, but it’s probably a healthy thing anyways. I’m so happy that I’m with you, and I feel like the luckiest guy in the world.