---
title: 'Update'
layout: post
date: '2020-06-06'
---

Can you believe it’s June already? Halfway through the year and it seems like every month a new problem appears and prevents us from going back to our life pre-2020. It honestly feels like so long ago when going outside was just a normal thing we could do, and we didn’t have to awkward step aside when passing people on the sidewalk. 

Since the last post, I’ve been home now for almost 2 months, and the last two months are a blur because it feels like the days just blur together. The moods I feel range from tired, to annoyed at everything, to on the verge of burning out, to being happy when we sit somewhere in a park to eat together. It sounds like a pretty extreme range, but it’s actually very notched-out, because I feel these very distinctly, and there’s no in-betweens. 

It’s also weird to know that we’re not long-distance anymore, and that I can come to you at any time (as I did on Wednesday). It’s a bit more comforting to know that if needed, we can see each other within the next hour, so in the extreme cases when you’re sad, I can definitely send a Fantuan your way. 

My greatest new fear now is having you discover more things that you’re annoyed at about me due to the extra time we spend with each other over video call and in-person. This is me, and I’m very much flawed and I have things I don’t like about myself, and also things that I’m unaware of that might be annoying or bad traits, so hopefully these are all things that you can live with for the next long while. But, if we can get through 2020, I think the rest of the 2000s should be pretty easy.

Still I wonder sometimes how I convinced you to like me, and even more so how I convinced you to stay, but I’m glad you do both. Very glad. I wouldn’t be the same if you said no, and it scares me to think about that. 