---
layout: post
date: '2020-01-06'
entry: 'See you later'
---

The month of December break has come and gone, and I fear that writing this will make my letter writing a bit more difficult, but I did promise to update this blog thing whenever I could. Time for a short recap!

Though the first week was when you still had a ton of work to due, I did get to see you a few times, and seeing you in person will always be better than seeing you online. It’s so nice that you live at UBC, because it meant that I could speed to you in half an hour or less if all we wanted to do was to just eat cake or watch TV or have sex. We had a lot of sex. I feel like we didn’t have enough sex, but as I’m writing this, I feel like how you feel after you exercise for five days in a row without stopping. There’s still a lot more to do, and a lot more to try, but also a lot more of the regular stuff to learn how to do better, but it’s amazing that it feels so great already.

There was also a lot of time spent going out to places on dates, eating a lot of food. Maybe we just pick a lot of the good places most of the time, but I find that food just tastes better when I’m eating it with you. I think there’s some truth to this statement, because our homemade breakfast felt the same way. I don’t think we really ever had a bad meal in terms of taste, but also in terms of feeling happy. No meals where either of us were unhappy and just sat there poking at the food, maybe arguing about something. No sad meals either, where we held each other’s forearms and went back and forth between crying and laughing. 

For spending so much time together, we still didn’t really become annoyed at each other… thankfully. I’m not actually hoping for this to happen one day, but it’s such an encouraging thing to still experience this many months later. To happily have you by my side is all I really want for the future, and all the other stuff is just a bonus. Maybe I’m an annoying person to some, but not to you, and that’s part of why I’m so thankful for you. I finally found someone who can put up with me!

The next time won’t be long from now, but it doesn’t ever get easier to say good bye. We’re so close to figuring out our lives together, and after the mini-preview we got this break, I want it even more.

I love you so much. I love every single part of you. I have never felt still so nervous to see someone after knowing them for so long, and I feel like that feeling will persist for the rest of my life. We’ll be with each other again before we know it.