---
layout: post
date: '2020-04-11'
title: '24th'
---

I thought this year I’d be able to have my first normal birthday in about 6 years. I was looking forward to spending the day with you at home but this Coronavirus thing happened and I ended up spending the day with you… at home.

I wasn’t actually expecting much to happen. Maybe order myself some food… be lazy… watch some TV… play some video games. It was the nicest surprise ever to wake up and discover that you had scheduled McDonald’s to be ordered to me! I really wasn’t sure what I’d want for my birthday even if this pandemic didn’t happen because I feel like I already have everything I could possibly want, and what I really wanted for my birthday was to spend time with you. The McDonald’s was perfect because it reminded me of some of the times we had where McDonald’s nicely rounded off an evening. I never thought that McDonald’s would be such a big part of our relationship, but I’m glad I don’t have to hide the fact that I like McDonald’s from you.

We also finally watched the first of the Batman movies, after almost a year of pestering you. We’ll definitely watch the next one next year for my birthday. Maybe it’s the self-isolation, but I’m really happy that you’re ok with trying some of the things that I like. It was my dream to play Stardew Valley multiplayer with you when I learned about its release, and now, here we are, almost 60 hours into our farm, with probably a couple dozen more hours to go because there seems to be no end in sight. I’m excited to figure out the rest of the things that we’ll do together as they come, because it’s always so much more enjoyable to do something with you.

With how sad the state of the world is right now, I’m glad you’re here to make it better. Thanks for making my birthday still really enjoyable - I’m incredibly happy with how the day went. I love you!!