---
layout: post
date: '2020-01-24'
title: 'California Dreamin'
---

Well, I’m not dreaming about California specifically, but it’s another one of these trips where almost every waking moment I wish you were with me to experience it together.

I wouldn’t want you to experience sitting in an office for 8 hours though, of course, but I was quite jealous of everyone in the office who left work at 5, and went back home to their family. The person I’m living with, Dmitry, he and his fiancé Tiffany have been living together for a long time, and even though I basically third-wheeled them for the week, it was a very aspirational thing to see life together with the person you’re going to be with forever. They have a great dynamic, and they’re very different compared to us as a couple, but I think we also have a great dynamic that people can see too. I’m so ready for this next part of our life together.

I also didn’t really get to do or see that much, but I think that’s okay. There are things that I want to experience for the first time with you, because history has shown me that experiencing something with you makes it twice as enjoyable. I’m a little glad that our office wasn’t near really good food, because even if we don’t end up here, if we come visit LA (the nice parts) for some reason in the future, we’ll experience that first time wonder for some spots together.

You’ve really changed my mindset from me-first to not me-first. There isn’t a price that I can put on our relationship, so to me, every option (that hopefully presents itself) that I have to pick from is frankly all not that different, and the one that gives us the best future will win out. This week was a bit like an ice bath in that it shocked me into adulthood a little bit before I go back to school, and while it feels a little scary, it’s the I’m looking forward to it kind of scary. 

Oh, and it’s always super encouraging for a friend to tell me that we look like we’re doing extremely well. It’s good to know that we are indeed doing extremely well, and that it’s not all just for appearances. Honestly, I can’t wait to see you again and rub in people’s faces how well we’re doing. God, I miss you so much everyday… I think about you in every possible positive way throughout the course of a day.

Here’s to adulthood and the rest of our lives together, and I hope it’s somewhere sunny.