---
title: 'First in-person birthday'
layout: post
date: '2020-09-27'
---

I think for all of our birthdays so far, we were always close to being able to spend it together but never actually got to. Either I’d leave too early, or come back too late… so I guess it’s all my fault, actually. Oops. But I’m glad this year we’re both here in person, and I think we can thank COVID-19 for it because it’s definitely made me stay put for these past few months. I don’t think I have any desire to do long distance again, because it now feels like a full relationship instead of bits and pieces of one that all happen at different times but never at the same time.

There will be plenty more years to go somewhere nice for your birthday, assuming that there will still be restaurants that stay open. Going out for free things was a lot of fun though, and I think I should sign up for these birthday freebies too, because it literally doesn’t cost anything to do that. One of the things that I constantly learn and get reminded from you is to really try and enjoy life and take advantage of the nice things, even if they’re really small. I’m not ever going to work like a Wall Street asshole, so why try to work like that in the first place? An otherwise “sad” birthday for some you managed to turn into a fun scavenger hunt of sorts, ending off with a trip to your own movie theater and a 5 course meal. I’m so happy I got to spend your birthday with you, your family, and your pets, because it’s a nice change from what a “typical” birthday celebration and dinner would have been like if we went out instead. It’s really all in the way you see things I guess, and the way you see things makes it easy to find happiness in simple things. 

For these special days, I’ll always try to make them special in some way. The method might change as we get older, but the important thing is to acknowledge that they’re special and celebrate them. I always remember your lukewarm feeling towards your birthday when we first started dating, so I promise I’ll never bring you to a Chinese restaurant (unless you want to) for your birthday, and to always do something to celebrate it. If you were never born, I wouldn’t be so happy and in love today, and that’s something worth taking the time to eat cake for.