---
layout: post
date: '2018-12-01'
---

I went to LA this weekend with my friend Vincent. Nothing was really planned, besides where we would eat and where we would stay - it was actually a lot of fun, I would definitely do that again.

This weekend I also missed you... a lot. A lot of it was from me subconsciously keeping note of things that I think you’d also enjoy, and in LA... that was almost everything. It’s a weird time of my life, where things seem to be moving towards me not being a kid anymore, and I guess that means thinking a bit about the future. My heart hopes you’re in my future, and my brain is already planning trips under that assumption hahaha.

I definitely didn’t expect to get drunk, but apparently I drank a looot. At the beginning of drinking, I was a little sad, but you sent me the heart eyes emoji referring to the one picture of me in my story and suddenly everything was okay. I also sent you a lot of things... or maybe not a lot of things, but drunk me really likes line breaks. I do remember telling you about the whole you saying yes to Vegas and me thinking “wow I love her” and it was really supposed to be something I say when I’m sober because I would have expressed it better... but I really was floored by how you more or less believe in us enough to just say yes to something crazy. It bodes well for us, I think. 

I remember video chatting with you too, and truthfully, I don’t really remember what I said. I somehow ended up sleeping on the bed though, so I guess drunk me is remembering what you tell me about not sleeping on the ground. 

Going to LA and essentially taking a walk for the weekend was a really good way for me to remember how fortunate I am to have everything I do now (including you). I really miss you, and I love you too.