---
layout: post
date: '2018-11-18'
---

I really thought we’d do the usual thing and hang up at 4 am when you were too tired to continue… or your battery ran out. We ended up talking until probably 9:30 am in the morning (although near the end of it, I was probably a sleepy, incoherent mess).

Super late night time is a very interesting time to talk. This is when uncomfortable topics become less uncomfortable to bring up. The most uncomfortable one for me was when you asked why I didn’t ever bring up my ex… which is something that does bother me, especially with how I handled that whole situation. I mostly just felt like I didn’t have much at the time to be positive about, so I didn’t want to bring someone up to criticize them, or to say nice things and feel like I’m lying to myself. It felt like I was in a situation where I was “stuck”, so I think I tried my hardest to avoid feeling like that when I could. But I really don’t want to make it seem like I feel like I wasn’t at fault, or that I couldn’t have done better, so I hope you know that I’m trying my best to avoid another situation like that. Thankfully, you were open-minded about it, and acknowledged that “the past is the past” and that we can learn from it. I’m trying. I really don’t want to mess this up. I hope that you’re able to see that without me bringing it up.

We also discussed first kisses. I still have trouble grasping how me thinking the first date was too early for a first kiss is cute. Girls are hard to understand sometimes, but I won’t say no to being called cute. Every time you called me cute, I really had to cover my face with my blanket. It makes me really happy to hear. 

I do have a feeling that you’ll make fun of me for the 3-4 months thing for a while… but I’m okay with that. I like to think that I follow a pace I’m comfortable with, and hopefully by the time you read this, some other things will have happened that were worth the wait. But I think you’re also someone who will pick up the pace on things if I’m really taking too long on some things… which I also appreciate. That’s why we’re good for each other; you kick my ass when I need it. 

I’m very lucky to have you, and I only hope that I can make you feel lucky to have me as well. 