---
layout: post
date: '2018-12-23'
---

Our first ever full day! And by full day, we mean there is nothing else we have obligations to on this day except for each other. A little crazy to think that in almost four months, we’ve never had a full day… until today! The wait for today was excruciating, but totally worth it. 

I didn’t expect to get to Waterfront at the same time you did. It caught me off guard because you looked so pretty (as always), and I was so happy to see you again that I think I forgot how to speak for a few seconds. It felt like we just picked things up where we left off last time, and everything just felt natural, from the way you hold onto my arm when I hold the umbrella, to how our conversations can jump from topic to topic, to how my hands always feel icy cold to you when you grab them. I don’t think I’ll ever really take these things (and everything we do) for granted, even when we do end up together one day in the same place, because we now know how stupidly difficult even the simplest relationshippy things can be to obtain at times.

What did we do today… we went to a pre-planned place for brunch (Jam Cafe), only to go next door because the line in the rain was so long. We also watched Bumblebee, and ate absolutely no popcorn. The rest of the evening consisted of walking around, sitting, ice cream, standing, and driving to Coquitlam so we could take me to Lafarge. We also had McNuggets for dinner, and… it was really good. I was really happy to be eating McDonald’s with you, but… I think in general, I’m just happy to share meals with you. Doesn’t really matter what we’re eating. 

Sometimes I’m a bit jealous of people who can see each other so easily, but I guess this isn’t too bad in some ways. It means that whatever memories we do end up making are truly special ones.