---
layout: post
date: '2019-02-20'
---

Your Toronto weekend made me very happy. I was glad you got to explore and do things around the city that I called home for 8 months. I did really wish I was there with you though, so that I could take you around to my favourite places, but also discover some new ones with you.

It was also a good weekend because you kept me company every night. Yes yes, I know you tell me that I’m keeping you company, but the one constant in my life is you, and being able to see you gives me warmth and security.

I never know if you fall asleep or not until a little while after I stop talking and you don’t respond. I realized that I could just say whatever I wanted, and you wouldn’t know. Almost like talking behind your back, but to your face, and all nice things. 

The thought of being with you for the rest of my life was something that’s been on my mind for a long time, but I thought this was something too early to say, in case I freaked you out. When you woke up and asked me what I said, I definitely started sweating nervously, but I figured it would be good to tell you because I really wanted to just let you know how I felt.

I told you that I could see a future with you, and that I’d be more than happy to spend the rest of my days with you. I want you by my side for all of the wonderful moments, as well as the challenging ones.

Thankfully, you were very happy to hear that, and told me that you thought that too. A big sigh of relief from me, and also happiness, knowing that I’ve found joy that lasts me the rest of my life. 