---
layout: post
date: '2019-05-27'
---

I picked you up from work today to go watch A Dog's Journey, and I tried my best to leave very early to get there on time. It turns out, I left at exactly the right time for me to get to your workplace at exactly 4:00 pm, and it was the most stressful drive watching Google Maps update the arrival time. I made it though, and my heartrate was able to settle down a bit after the drive.

We went to Metrotown for a bit, and I wanted to show you a few Omega watches, but the saleslady pounced on us and started asking me what I wanted. I didn't want anything in that case, but I don't really have experience with this stuff because salespeople usually ignore me. That was the second part of the day that made my heartrate go up.

Crystal Mall was our food place of choice. I love that place. It feels so authentic foodwise, because no one gives a crap about ambiance, and they focus just on the food. Cash only only makes it better, because I know I'm probably not paying taxes. Doesn't matter what we eat or where we eat, it's a happy experience always.

The movie made me cry. I didn't cry initially when the dog died, but I think near the end all the sad stuff that happened earlier in the movie all compounded into a fist and punched me in the gut at the end of the movie, and for me, the waterworks started. Something about unrequited childhood love finally being realized made me choke up too. I think it just felt a little too relatable in some ways for me. 

I know you're gonna tell your friends, but I guess it's okay to tell them that I have emotions.

We walked around LaFarge before you went back home. An hour doesn't actually feel like any time with you. It's always a sad feeling when you go back home and close the door behind you, and I have to make the 38 minute drive back home.