---
layout: post
date: '2019-05-26'
---

We had a hike today at Bowen Island. I was within the -/+ 10 minutes, but cutting it close. I've learned that estimating arrival times wrong is something that frustrates you, so I will do my best to not do that as much as I can. I hate being the reason for unhappiness.

I was excited to be with you for your first hike of the season! For me, a Richmond boy, this was even more exciting because I was doing my discovery of the world with you. I was a little scared though, because I'm very unfit, but I figured all those San Francisco hills probably helped me prepare a little bit.

The whole day actually went by in a blur, but we probably spent a good 10 hours on the way up and down altogether, plus all the time spent taking pictures. You're a genius by the way, for bringing your camera and tripod. What good is hiking if you don't have pictures to prove that you went?

My friend Shireen told me that hiking is a good way to gauge how comfortable you are with someone, because you'll be tired, sweaty, and probably not talking all the way throughout the hike because breathing is a challenge. I think she forgot to mention that there are the cases where you'd get so tired and exhausted that you'd start hating the other person, but I'm happy to say that it doesn't seem like we hated each other after that experience, even after a wrong turn. 

We had ramen after and it was so good. I ate two bowls before you finished yours, and we also finished our food before the table next to us even got theirs. Somehow that just makes the memory even happier.

When life settles, I don't think we'll be in a situation where we're as tired as we were now every single day, unless we decide that hiking every single day is our way of life. I think normal life will be much less tiring, but it's good to know that during these extreme situations, we're still fine.