---
layout: post
date: '2019-01-24'
---

What a weird… week? It was not a great week. I felt very annoying to people around me and sort of useless. Just one of those weeks… I’m not sure there’s a good reason to feel that way.

You asked if we were still in a honeymoon phase, and it really alarmed me for a bit. Probably because I wasn’t in the best state-of-mind, but I definitely replied with something dumb that made you think I didn’t think so anymore. You didn’t reply for a long time and I knew it would bother me for the whole night, so I followed my gut and called you. Thankfully, you were awake - and so began me trying to explain or clarify the situation with you.

Basically, it came down to:

1. Tone of voice is sometimes really hard to portray over text
2. We were both worried for no reason
3. We were… still in the phase

An hour later (and it was like, 1 am for you at that point), you remarked that this call going on for this long and not stopping was probably an indicator that it wasn’t over yet. Touche. 

Also, no more surprise plane tickets to see you unless you live somewhere that’s nice to visit. Next time… we’ll plan to go somewhere together. 

I think the new year has been pretty difficult so far for a variety of reasons. I’m thankful that in the moments that there’s uncertainty or doubt, it’s resolved pretty quickly. I wonder if no arguments so far is because we talk about the things that could be arguments civilly before they boil over, and if that’s the case, then that’s a pretty good model to follow. 

This is a feeling I never thought I’d experience. There’s a distance, and there’s also the time to wait, but for the short times we have together, it feels like it’s everything I’ve ever been looking for. Everything about the future is still fuzzy and blurry, but… I hope that one day the plane ticket will be one way.