---
layout: post
date: '2019-07-07'
---

I can never write these while you're here with me because there's so much less technology time. It really does wonders for my phone addiction (okay not really, but it's nice to not be on my phone for long periods of time).

Wednesday night was when you came, and I was so nervous as usual... I even set off my own car alarm and I've never ever done that in all my life. It took a while to figure out how to turn it off, but it really wasn't fun to know that all of sketchy Chinatown knows I exist. It's hard not to feel nervous though, because seeing you again every single time is when I feel like I gotta also be on my best behaviour and not be the Neanderthal that I typically am. I wasn't wrong either, because you looked stunning from the moment you stepped off that bus.

We stopped for a bit for the fireworks that were being shot up. One of the things you teach me is to always stop and smell the roses, and to enjoy the sights, and I love you for that.

I think I was definitely a little worried about if I would annoy you this weekend because of what time of the month it was for you, but I think that worry faded away when I sorta forgot and continued to make whatever dumb jokes I normally made and I am still alive right now. Thinking about it now, it's sort of amazing that this was the case, because it's generally suggested that you tread carefully around girls at this time of month, but I guess no one wrote about how if annoying things don't happen regularly, then it's not more likely to happen during your period... because there was nothing to light that fire. 

Fourth of July started a little rough because french toast was really hard to find, but everything bounced back after we got coffee. We went to Bellevue Downtown Park for the celebration, because Seattle would have been absolutely crazy. It was a really leisurely day too, because fireworks were at 10, and we needed to find something to fill the hours between 2 pm and 10 pm. We bought 1 thing in the mall, and walked around and around, and then walked around and around the park, and decided the sun was a little too strong, so we moved to try and find our dinner. I wanted to try Facing East, but with how hungry we both were, we decided to go across the street to Wendy's for some gourmet burgers. 

Wendy's was pretty good, and the final price of 12.20 for two burgers, two fries, two drinks, two 4pc nuggets, and a baked potato made the food taste just that much better. I don't think that we don't appreciate food, I think we actually appreciate all food, and especially eating with you makes the experience that much better. I know I say it a lot, but I think for how much time we actually spend eating, it's such a relief that we both appreciate the delicious things in life together, as I think I would be much less happy if you didn't care about food. It's just so fun to be just as excited for $12 Wendy's as we are for nice salmon from Fable.

The Fireworks show and pre-performances were quite fun to watch. It's not quite the crazy super patriotic Fourth of July that I imagined, but it was still nice to see fireworks because you really don't get to see fireworks that often... twice a year max. I could not have been happier to stand there with, with my arms wrapped around you, enjoying the spectacle. I've only had 2 Fourth of Julys, but this one was the best one I've ever had.

The next day (Friday) started off lazily, but not really, because we actually made it down for breakfast and went back up to do... other things. It's actually really hard to get out of bed, because it's so hard to remove myself from your face... and from your body. It just feels SO GOOD to experience that mixture of body heat and suffocation and love all at the same time. I don't think it's something you can really experience outside the bed, so that's why we didn't leave until noon.

I tried making you a latte, but no heart. Maybe one day... I guess it's sorta fitting that the first one I make you doesn't have one, so that it really starts from me not knowing how to do it to hopefully becoming me being sorta okay at it.

$17 three course meal on campus was a LOT of food... especially for $17. Once again, the joy of finding cheap food.

We had raindrop cake later, and walked down to the ocean to get some seat time. We planned out the rest of our weekends (or, we figured out which of the next weekends we'll see each other), and after that productive session, we walked all the way back to where we parked, and headed to the movies.

It turns out that a kid's movie won't be playing everywhere at late hours, so we had to go all the way to Woodinville to watch the Secret Life of Pets 2. It wasn't much a movie if you wanted a plot, but the whole movie was so funny and cute, and I foresee myself making turkey noises at you in the future whenever I run towards you.

The next day, we went to Lake Serene. Once again, it was really hard to get out of bed, so we decided that getting there by around 2:30 pm would be fine. I think that's actually the smart decision, and you logically stated that if it's full in the parking lot at 9:00 am, then if we get there at 2:30, there should be spots because people would be leaving. You were right, because we found a spot right away and pulled in. No stress at all.

The hike was filled with cute dogs, but also a stupidly tiring final section before we actually got the the lake. We were entertained by three boys who were bros, and got to film them jumping in (even though it took about 4 minutes before they actually did it). Time just sort of flew by as we did our usual routine of sitting, eating, and taking pictures, and by the time we actually got the the bottom, the sun was starting to set. I was so tired, and sweaty, but I wasn't tired of you, and I didn't feel like you were gross at all! I would still hug you and kiss you all the same. 

Dinner was KFC, and I almost died from eating that giant chicken breast. I was so happy though, because I haven't had KFC mashed potatoes in so long. I don't get how we can eat so much fast food, and be perfectly content every single time. Not saying that we'll eat fast food all the time, but I wouldn't mind trying out fast food that I haven't had yet with you.

I finally got you to watch Your Name, and it was so fun to watch your reaction to all of it. Imagine if I never found you, how would my life be right now? I feel like if I never asked you out, I'd always feel like I missed out on something important, and I don't know if I'd ever be content. I'm very very content right now, and I'm still sometimes in awe of how well things just seem to work out. You really are all the things that I believe to be ideal in a partner, and I'm so lucky that you're all of these things in one person.

Saying goodbye again was so hard, because somehow this long weekend didn't really feel like a long weekend at all. It ends, and it feels like it's not quite enough, even though after this many days, most people would be ready for a break from the other person. Not you, though, because I'm already thinking about the next time I get to see you, and about how excited I am. I'm actually so sad as I'm writing this, because everything feels different after you leave, where the place is empty, and I don't open my mouth anymore until the next day when I go back to work. You're right though, in saying that life is long, and we'll have many more days to do things together, but I'm impatient, and I want everything right now.

It's like you've cast a spell over me. I've never felt so invested into someone before, but I feel like I would be willing to do almost anything for you. I've also never been treated so well before, so I guess the whole positive feedback loop really works. There's not much more I can say, because it's really hard to describe this kind of happiness with just normal words. Maybe it's bliss, but I never expected to feel that so soon in my life.