---
layout: post
date: '2019-03-13'
---

Today was really interesting. Unknowingly, we were both having just a bad week for whatever reason at the same time, and that’s when I experienced what it’s like to be bothersome no matter what I say or do. None of this your fault, by the way, we’re both just people with emotions, but it was a bit of a shock for me to suddenly (and finally) experience it after 6 months. What a weird milestone.

You did put a stop to that conversation though, and changed the topic before it spiraled out of control. As much as I might have felt not so happy about the situation in the moment, I’m glad you did that, because that gave me the time to calm down, and things didn’t get worse. I knew that I wanted to call you when I was done my work for the day though, because it felt like one of those things where hearing your voice would fix everything.

I called you with about 40 minutes to spare before dinner started. It was a little uncomfortable and awkward to discuss and dissect what the heck happened earlier, but I felt happy that even if we did experience something a little less nice than the usual, we were able to deal with it in a nice way. Even if you did say that this might be more commonplace as we get comfortable… I think I’m okay with it, because I know we can also deal with it. The rest of the conversation also went on for almost three hours, so maybe we both were subconsciously in a bad mood so that we could have an excuse to talk to each other. I know we mentioned that talking was a remedy for almost all things before, but I don’t think we really knew to what extent until today (and probably still not the full extent).

As much as this all feels very normal and a “given”, I can take a step back and see all the other couples who don’t do the same. It’s really so easy to just not say things, and not apologize, and let things spiral out of control, so I’m thankful that you are who you are, and the sum of all the things we do add up to something that just… works. I’m sorry that there are things that will always bother you, and I wish I had the power to change that, but I’m still convinced that this was the perfect timing for everything; I guess there has to be a balance somewhere, otherwise it’d be unfair how good this is.

Maybe I can’t always do the right thing, but I’ll always try my best to; thanks for being so patient with me - I could only dream of being the same benefit to you.