---
layout: post
date: '2019-01-27'
---

I’m writing this on a Sunday… which is fine, I think, because this thing happened into Sunday morning.

Saturday was a day where you woke up SO HAPPY that you had nothing to do, and it was the first time I saw you that happy in a few weeks. That really made me happy to see too, but, I guess that’s not surprising at this point because I’m happiest when you’re happy. 

I hung out with Brian the night before after work so I had an interesting and tragic story about his past to tell you, but before doing that, I went to pick up my new glasses and also food. You remarked that I looked cute in my new glasses, which means I’ll probably never get rid of them.

We started the call at noon my time (so, 3 pm for you), and while I don’t remember exactly what we talked about, I witnessed you cook, eat, wash dishes, and after all that, I decided I needed to lie down, so you followed suit. From 3 pm to 10:30 pm (my time again) I lay in bed with you… or as close as it gets to laying in bed with you. It was blissful to have you there, and not feel obligated to talk if we didn’t want to, as that was where we were most comfortable on a lazy Saturday. The only way it could have been better is if you were here with me instead.

I’ve never felt so at ease before, especially when I see you. I wasn’t expecting things to be so good, but that’s also because I didn’t know this level of “good” was possible. Are we just both well-tempered people who get along, or is it because we clear up misunderstandings almost right away, or do we work well together? Or is it all three, and more? I’m not sure there’s one answer, but I’m glad whatever we have just works. Sometimes I get butterflies, sometimes it’s the whole zoo, and I found out today that it was possible to get a stampede when we touch on… certain subjects. What’s more severe than a stampede? Can we find out?

You eventually passed out, and I thought I might as well just leave the call on. It made the process of doing a few things before bed and going to bed that much less lonely.

At 5:30 am (my time) I woke up, and woke up to your beautiful self watching me sleep. That was heaven, to be able to wake up and see my favorite person. I hope that repeats itself, but in person at some point.

I went back to bed as per your suggestion, and when I woke up again, you left me a handwritten “good morning” note, written backwards. How could mornings get more perfect than this? 

How perfect you are for me. What did I do to deserve you?