---
layout: post
date: '2019-06-09'
---

Sometimes I feel bothered by your ex's (or really, they're not actually ex's in that sense), but I can never really pinpoint why. Maybe some petty part of me wants you all to myself, and that includes the past, or maybe because of past stuff, it carries over to now sometimes... whatever it is, it's generally fine but every couple weeks it'll be really bad before dying down again.

This is gonna be one of those entries that don't seem to make much sense, by the way, so please bear with me. And it's probably one of those things that you've heard 10 different variations of, so also please bear with me.

On one hand, I know certain things bother you too, so this isn't a fair thing at all. On the other hand, I've just never dealt with something resembling a past before, and I guess I'm learning the hard way that it's really difficult to be impartial about these things. If I had an answer for why I'm bothered, I might not be having this issue, because then I'd know how to resolve it. Time is probably the fixer of this problem, but as with all time-related things, you can't really fast forward it.

One nice thing though is that you're not dismissive of this problem, and even though I know you also don't have an answer, it makes me feel better that you'll at least be able to make me feel better through squeezing my hand or something. I wish it was easier to be together in person, because waiting for issues to resolve because they need to be resolved in person is such a pain. 

Please know that despite all this, I'm not bothered by you, nor do I blame you for anything. Whenever I get these thoughts, it's never to do with you directly. I guess there are worst things that can be present, so I'll gladly take being bothered if it means that we don't go through other things, like being relieved when long distance happens. 

This made no sense at all, did it? But it makes me feel a little bit better, so there's that. Hopefully the next post is happier!